One of the most transported goods by both kinds of transport are manufactured goods (25% by rail and 28% by road).
To sum up, the comparison of two charts show which means of transportation suit better for each kind of goods presented on them.
Therefore, the smallest type of good which can be transported by rail is non-metallic minerals (6%) while the analog group in road transportation is linked with machinery, which take just 2% of all road transportation.
The pie charts compares transportation of goods in Eastern Europe in 2008.
Manufactured goods in this two pie charts is near to twenty five per-cents of all pie.
Food products is the most popular good for road transportation (30 per cent).
The same amount of chemicals and food products are transported by rail (11 per cent).
It includes two diagramms which describe freight transported by road as well as by rail.
The main cargo transported by rail is metals, which is more than a third of all goods being shipped.
Perishable freight tend to be transported by road more than rail.
On the picture showed 2 diagramms, that give us quantity goods transported by rail and by road.
But, at the same time, on the diagramm, illustrated goods transported by road, metals is only 11%.
In conclusion; modern technology are very usefull, but if human use it with mind.
But it damage our eyes.
A big amount of people whos eyes became to see worse.
Moreover the metals forwarding by rail is three times more than by road.
In the road infrastructure case is notable the figures connected with commodity cargos like food products and non-metallic minerals which is usualy less heavier than machinery and metals.
Fox examples, people who is working in front of the computer all day easely admit that their sight go bad day after a day they feel sore eye and gain shortsightness.
There are lots of people that claims that utilization of the outfashioned technologies will help to people fight against technological pressure and decrease the lever of micro and radio waves.
Inspite of this fact the ammont of new technologies are raising everyday and the only way to reduce the harm from techologies situated in the technologies by itselfs if people will operate the techology in proper way it will have better outcome for health.
In addition, it is clearly that the same trend is seen in transporting metals, this products transported by road is about one third of products transported by rail.
It goes without saying that thanks to technical advances more innovative products are mass produced, hence, it can lead to an increase in different types of diseases.
In addition, young generation are encouraged to use technical gadgets by schools and universities in order to enhance the efficiency of the work.
Some people consider that the developing of modern technologies have the bad influence on people's health and the world's situation at all.
The pie chart show information about goods transported by rail and by road between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
Non-metallic goods are transported by train rarelier then others whereas in the second pie chart the second place is machienery.
The pie graphs shows such goods as metals, chemicals, machinery and others that were transported by rail and road in 2008.
To sum it up, transportation of goods in Eastern Europe in 2008 by road and rail really vary.
In conclusion, modern gadget cause a lot of heath problems and deseases such as stress, headache or council, but they can be solved with the help of the government and strong will power of people.
Another noticable trend, which combine both diagrams, is that chemicals transported by rail and by road are more than 10%.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
If talking about rail transportation, the biggest percentage (35%) of goods are metals.
One of the negative consequences of their influence are numerous health problems becoming more and more common among users.
For example, some researches contribute to increased number of patients who has eye diseases.
I want to say that buying food and sources abroad governments build multinational friendship.
That is why our goverment need to import this product from Brasil.
Also usage of modern technology make people less physically active, which may be a reason of overweight.
However, there are individuals who think import goods is a bad idea and countries should feed its own population rather than sell food to other countries.
First of all, producing a lot of food and other goods help plants and manufacturers to improve the quantity of workplaces.
This lead to a low level of unemployment.
They have considerable rise from -35°C in January to more than 20°C and has its peak in July.
However, according to the data, in summer the figure declines compered with other mounths and maxi and min account for 25°C and 18°C respectively.
Apart from this, this country is a excellent example to show how some rules, which were made by USA, reflects on economy.
It lead to increasing of agricultural sector of country.
National product have usually good quality because we know how and where product was made without genetically modified gene, for exemple.
The last reason is that the food produced by national componies cost less than from import countries.
There are the a huge rage of different national product at shops as propriety prices.
On the other hand, The line of the grath clearly show that the minimum and maximum in both countier are stabilized and we not see a large increases on deacreases.
The other features is the increasing the maximum of temperatures.
The maximum and minimum liner have a small temperature differences.
Overall, the table show that the temperature in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil it was that stabilized approximately in +28°C and +24°C.
I'am absolutely agree with them.
The line graphs provides information about the highest and the lowest temperatures in cities of two countries: Russia and Brasil during all year.
In addition, almost all countries are situated in different climate zones, so they have various plants, trees wich bring food, consequently geografic factor is the one of the most significant reason to be open for collaboration.
The table give us information about changing and minimum and maximum temperatures in Yakutsk, Russia and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The least temperatures that we can see from the table is less than -40°C and it was in Yakutsk in January when in Rio de Janeiro the lowest temperatures was betwee 20°C and 25°C.
The lowest maximum temperatures in Russia is a 35°C in december in the same time in Brazil more than 25°C temperatures.
Also this trend give opportunity for people all over the world to eat different food.
When food transported to different countries It have better quality than food that using for only eating because the food from abroad have more serious control quality.
Moreover import and export food give us some knowledge that can help us in developing our agricultural sector.
Sometimes goverment produce food for over countries that's why thay need to produce less products for their own needs and this is involve on people who live in their country because they don't have much food as they need to.
The largest part of people argue that their country shold made all product which population need and less import as it possible.
It means that population prefer to buy and eat the food, which offers their own country.
It can also be argued by the third reason - food, which produce their own country more healthy.
The chart on the picture shows an average highest and lowest temperature lever per month in two cities: Yakutsk, located in Russia and Rio de Janeiro, which founds it self in Brazil.
In Brazil Winter tend to be warmer than Summer, while in Russia situation is vice versa.
The import of the food tend to be an important part of many countries' economy.
Another significant drawback is that for some countries exporting food is the only way to boost their economy effectively, and aborting it may cause an economical disaster.
That means that changes nessesary to abort it are to big and the probable positive effect is not too serious.
Here the most cold month are june and july.
The curves of the second graph doesn't fall least than about 18 degrees and doesn't go up more than 30 degrees.
Secondly, each population prefer eat something that can be useful to his helth.
There is different arguments for producing meal in own country and a lot of people believe that importing products gives more disadvantages than pluses.
And there is a number of arguments to support my opinion.
To sum up, I want to say, that producing own products for own population is an ideal economical model for each country.
Some people think that their countries have to produce products only for inner sails, other believe that the import is the best way to rise the Economy of the country and I agree with the second view.
As for minimum, there are some difference between two graphs in Brazil then in Russia, 8 degrees and 5 degrees, for Rio de Janeiro and Yakutsk, respectively.
It can be seen that metals has significant part of goods, using rail (35%), while food products and manufactured goods is most popular things, which are transported by road.
It can be observed that Non-metallic minerals has the lowest level among products, which using rail about 60%.
Food product, chemicals, which are transporteed by rail have the same rate like metals, which are used by road, amount 11%.
To begin with, we live in the world in which modern technology play important role today.
Somebody think that countries have to cultivate food, which is had a demand on this territory, and import products lower.
Every person need different vitamins, chemical things for their organisms to live and survive in this time.
Because it would be sufficient for their economic situation and due to a different type of products, which are new, tasty and healthy, citizens would be happy.
So government will have hight quality of food for the own population, if there is the important aim of policy of government which decrease costs of money of budget.
The graphs below illustrates the highest and the lowest temperatures in two different cities.
The average maximum and minimum temperatures in Russia and other countries is really different.
Also, the line of the graph shows that the temperature in Rio de Janeiro in Brasil do not change a lot but in Russia this thing is not stabil.
The first graph shows that temperature begin rockets at January and starts falls at July.
Also they will be situations then you does not have immunitet for these foreign foods.
In our life we can meet situations then length of import are not quicly, in other words, import is very slow.
The graphs below demonstrates two lines which are show the statistics of average maximum and minimum temperatures in Yakutsk, Russia and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The line of maximum average temperatures in Yakutsk in January indicate temperature about -45 degreess.
The graphs shows average temperatures in Yakutsk, Russia and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
More than that, temperature in Rio de Janeiro have down ward trend from january to july, unlike temperature in Yakutsk - temperature fall to +17 degrees and then rise to 30 degrees from july to December.
Yakutsk have only 5 months, when temperature is more then 0 degrees, but temperature in Rio drop to 15 degrees only one time in the year.
In conclusion, I want to say, that this information about two different countries and their parts Yakutsk is the North city in Russia, in Rio is town in the South part of Brasil.
Many countries "lives" only for money from import and products from export.
On the other hand, for many poor people, etc from Africa, it is not possibly because exporting food have got higher cost than food that their own population.
Food products has the same percentage of transportation as the chemicals.
From childhood people sit in front of the computers for hours, which diminues their physical strength.
After the middle of the year maximum and minimum tempratures decline rapidly to November.
The maximum temprature have a frequency from July to August (increasing of 2 degrees) and it is an increase to December of both of these tempratures.
The quality of products is an important benefit which get an influence people.
At the same time, in the second graph we can see that average maximum temperatures in Rio de Janeiro flactuates between 25°C and 30°C during the whole year.
For example, some fruit and vegetables could not be grown in Russia in winter, that is why they are baught from the countries abroad.
The hole year temperature don't go under 25 degrees and don't increase over 30 degrees.
Moreover, less factories will be in the country that provide food only for people who live in it.
To sum up, the idea of country that only provide food for its population and import a little amount of food or don't import at all seem to me unbelievable and non-effective.
This reason make us to buy some kind of food in other countries.
Firstly, in the conditions of globalization it is quite difficult not to import or export as the producing goods is contributed between countries.
The second graph show us some fluctuation during the whole year and temperature in January and in December is the same.
The temperature start to drop.
Unlike Yakutsk, the average temperature in Brazil are more stablish.
The minimum temperature reach the pic in February.
All of us have habbits wich are connected with food.
The graphs demonstrates the highest and the lowest level of temperature in Yakutsk and Rio de Janeiro.
Yakutsk's average temperatures has an upward trend, it rises to approximately 25°C, reaches its peak and after it starts to fall, if we talk about the maximum temperature.
To sum up, these two pie charts demonstrate the different rations in their category, however, these graph have some type of goods, that had almost equal persantage in both the goods transported by rail and the goods transported by road.
The goverment have to strict the using of mobile phone and Internet among young generation, because children will determine future life of our society and because of the using of mobile phone creates a crazy depending on it and has other negative influences on human health, particulary on opportunity to see 100% of life by eyes, without glasses.
The following diagram show us the two main types of transport used for the delivery of goods.
It is obvious that that modern technology bring hurm of eyes.
An enormous number of people begin see badly when they read electronic books and use another fithens of modern technology.
You can probably agree with me that modern technology influence on people mind.
In addition to this, modern technology stand in for real life.
The last type of health drawbacks are psychological once as the widespreading of the modern items which could be found simply anywhere has a negative impact on people mental system and nerves.
The pie charts compares the amount of goods which was delivered by trains and cars between countries in Eastern Europe in a year of 2008.
In instance, there are quiet a few harmful health diseases that needs to be taken care of.
There are plenty of simple and vital exerciese which can be used by individual to continue using new electronic devices without injuring him or herself.
To sum up, today there is a problem of overusing new electronic devices which has bad influence on peoples health.
Almost a third of goods which were transported by road in 2008 are food products.
Some people believe that modern technology are the reason of numerous quantity of health problems.
cause huge diseases that is why the situation should be taken under control.
It is clear that the most popular goods transported by rail is metal (about 35%) and in the same time food products dominate in goods transported by road (about 30%).
The most low percentage have non-metallic minerals in the first pie chart about 6% and only machinery have 2% in the second pie chart.
Many modern gadjets is causing health diseases in.
For 5 years age a group of scientists prove, that using telephone every hour increas a chance of cancer.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
And lastly, the fourth most popular use of Facebook is to learn about ways to help others, which holds true for 35% of women and 25% of men that use this social network.
On the other hand, the prevailing means of accessing Facebook is through a desktop computer, which mean that looking at funny posts and actually communicating to people to help them remains one of the most popular choices for using Facebook.
The bar charts given demonstrate the data related to the usage of Facebook during two-year period and illustrates why it is supposed to be used by both men and women.
Statistics shows that a considerable number of crimes appears to be committed by former prisoners.
Firstly, it may influence criminals' mind: if they see the perspective to loose their freedom foe a significant number of years in prison, some of them will probably choose not to commit a crime.
In 2011 when it was the best result in developed countries a world total shows a result in 279 dollars which is the best in the whole world.
Moreover, international companies can employ local workers and it may lead to reduced unemployment and to increased number of work places which is also significant for developing.
Secondly, a developing country might borrow international companies' ideas and it means that it may have no own ideas that is actually bad for developing.
In my opinion, the long prison sentence can solve the problem, but there are the number of different methods to solve this problem (for examle, chemical injections) and the type of punishment should be depend on the personality of the criminal.
The graph indicates that world there was high rate of investment in 2011, but then the situation have changed.
Nowadays there are a lor of crimes and some people believe that increased prison sentences will lessen the amount of crime.
The second group of charts represent the reasons why people use Facebook.
Another two reasons are receiving updates with equal percentage of men and women, and seeing funny posts which is more popular among women with 43% than among men (with 35%).
It increase steadily from 25$ Bn to approximately 110$ Bn showing four-times rise during the period from 2006 to 2012.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
And lastly, the fourth most popular use of Facebook is to learn about ways to help others, which holds true for 35% of women and 25% of men that use this social network.
On the other hand, the prevailing means of accessing Facebook is through a desktop computer, which mean that looking at funny posts and actually communicating to people to help them remains one of the most popular choices for using Facebook.
The bar charts given demonstrate the data related to the usage of Facebook during two-year period and illustrates why it is supposed to be used by both men and women.
Statistics shows that a considerable number of crimes appears to be committed by former prisoners.
Firstly, it may influence criminals' mind: if they see the perspective to loose their freedom foe a significant number of years in prison, some of them will probably choose not to commit a crime.
In 2011 when it was the best result in developed countries a world total shows a result in 279 dollars which is the best in the whole world.
Moreover, international companies can employ local workers and it may lead to reduced unemployment and to increased number of work places which is also significant for developing.
Secondly, a developing country might borrow international companies' ideas and it means that it may have no own ideas that is actually bad for developing.
In my opinion, the long prison sentence can solve the problem, but there are the number of different methods to solve this problem (for examle, chemical injections) and the type of punishment should be depend on the personality of the criminal.
The graph indicates that world there was high rate of investment in 2011, but then the situation have changed.
Nowadays there are a lor of crimes and some people believe that increased prison sentences will lessen the amount of crime.
The second group of charts represent the reasons why people use Facebook.
Another two reasons are receiving updates with equal percentage of men and women, and seeing funny posts which is more popular among women with 43% than among men (with 35%).
It increase steadily from 25$ Bn to approximately 110$ Bn showing four-times rise during the period from 2006 to 2012.
It goes without saying that thanks to technical advances more innovative products are mass produced, hence, it can lead to an increase in different types of diseases.
In addition, young generation are encouraged to use technical gadgets by schools and universities in order to enhance the efficiency of the work.
Some people consider that the developing of modern technologies have the bad influence on people's health and the world's situation at all.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
For example, some researches contribute to increased number of patients who has eye diseases.
Also usage of modern technology make people less physically active, which may be a reason of overweight.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
And lastly, the fourth most popular use of Facebook is to learn about ways to help others, which holds true for 35% of women and 25% of men that use this social network.
On the other hand, the prevailing means of accessing Facebook is through a desktop computer, which mean that looking at funny posts and actually communicating to people to help them remains one of the most popular choices for using Facebook.
The bar charts given demonstrate the data related to the usage of Facebook during two-year period and illustrates why it is supposed to be used by both men and women.
Statistics shows that a considerable number of crimes appears to be committed by former prisoners.
Firstly, it may influence criminals' mind: if they see the perspective to loose their freedom foe a significant number of years in prison, some of them will probably choose not to commit a crime.
In 2011 when it was the best result in developed countries a world total shows a result in 279 dollars which is the best in the whole world.
Moreover, international companies can employ local workers and it may lead to reduced unemployment and to increased number of work places which is also significant for developing.
Secondly, a developing country might borrow international companies' ideas and it means that it may have no own ideas that is actually bad for developing.
In my opinion, the long prison sentence can solve the problem, but there are the number of different methods to solve this problem (for examle, chemical injections) and the type of punishment should be depend on the personality of the criminal.
The graph indicates that world there was high rate of investment in 2011, but then the situation have changed.
Nowadays there are a lor of crimes and some people believe that increased prison sentences will lessen the amount of crime.
The second group of charts represent the reasons why people use Facebook.
Another two reasons are receiving updates with equal percentage of men and women, and seeing funny posts which is more popular among women with 43% than among men (with 35%).
It increase steadily from 25$ Bn to approximately 110$ Bn showing four-times rise during the period from 2006 to 2012.
It goes without saying that thanks to technical advances more innovative products are mass produced, hence, it can lead to an increase in different types of diseases.
In addition, young generation are encouraged to use technical gadgets by schools and universities in order to enhance the efficiency of the work.
Some people consider that the developing of modern technologies have the bad influence on people's health and the world's situation at all.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
For example, some researches contribute to increased number of patients who has eye diseases.
Also usage of modern technology make people less physically active, which may be a reason of overweight.
Blackberry and HTC both has equal earnings in 2015, it was about 5% share for each company.
Anyway, this decision do not always benefit the children`s fostering and can raise some essential issues.
The given charts presents information on the number of boys and girls from different regions without access to primary school in 2000 and 2012.
The most dramatic changes took place in South Asia, where the number of these children fell down by more then 3 times form 32,7 millions to 9,9 which is the lowest rate in 2012.
But this is still not enough to change the situation where boys is general have more opportunities in case of primary education.
We can develop the sphere of electric vehicles, which have the same functionality as the petrol ones.
It need only two airports in place A and placeB.
And also I think that other types of transport is harmful too.
And planes helps the world to be more open.
Nowadays the humanity try to solve more and more serious problems.
In my opinion, planes is one of the greatest inventions in the history and we should take the best out of it.
First of all, planes is fastest way to travel to other countries.
On the other hand, introducing new laws to reduce the usage of air transport significantly seem to be too strict and not adequate to the situation, because it is still the fastest and the most comfortable way of moving from one place to another.
There are different point of views on what the main functions of social networks are.
There are plenty of people and authorities who are absolutely sure that modern society can easily exist without travelling by plane.
Great number of people use it every day to get to the destination, which may be extremely far from their homes.
In the rest of the world the the number of children who can have education have increased since 2000.
As it can be seen from the bar chart, there was only approximately 10 millions of children without the access to education in 2012 in South Asia in comparison to about 35 millions in 2000 which means that there used to be almost 3,5 more children unable to enter school in 2000 than 2012.
According to the graph, there was approximately 4 times more girls without education which is just about 2 times more than boys in 2000 who did not have a right to have education.
Nowadays people travel by plane every day but this process lead to pollution of the atmosphere.
The most dramatic change have happened in South Asia, where the fall in number of kids was approximately 26 millions: from 2000 to 2012.
And one of the most dangerous problems existing are undoubtedly air pollution and global warming which are the effects of many world processes, for example, it has been proved that air travel would lead to those dramatic problems.
Most of the flights are happening when people want to visit other countries and because of that it is important to make almost every country in the world to agree with such politics, which is almost impossible.
The present bar chart illustrates the quality of kids which are different sexes and live in different locations without the opportunity to attend primary school and the changes in the situation from the beginning of the twenty first century in twelve years.
With this in mind, social media is unique in that it posseses a rare accessibility quality, usable for the widest array of people and is thus too important to neglect when discussing its information value.
There is a general trend in all given countries including Africa and other states all over the world-girls tend to have less access to primary education than boys.
Carbon dioxide which is thrown in the atmosphere by planes causes global warming and ice melting and planes produce most of it, so less planes means less pollution.
Would isolating a person from the outside world give them an opportunity to turn away from crime?
In conclusion, described phenomena takes its origins from high demands in modern society and also wide range of opportunities for women.
women, aged 25 to 34 years and 35 to 44 years have the same amount of time spent on sports, while men's is decreasing).
The social media is used either for entertainment or for sharing knowledge and getting information.
Having friends all over the world and rising social networks allows you understand different cultures and learn about them.
I still think that social media is more for entertainment.
However, the question still need a further discussion, because using social networks for entertainment and sharing information can be even combined.
For the following two age groups, however, this difference decreases, and, according to the chart, whilst women tend to do exercise for 92,8 minutes at average for almost twenty years, the number of minutes men from the next age groups spend significantly decreases from 282,1 minutes to 153,8 and then to 120 minutes.
Social media has widened the horizons for people living in remote areas, giving them opportunities to work and study.
Another possible reason can be the pursuit of the own professional goals and self-realization of the parents at work, which leads to the higher satisfaction rates and often the wage increase.
One of them concerns the psychological state of children, who feel abandoned and try to reach the parents using all possible ways including rebellious and deviant behaviour, which can negatively affect the society in general.
It might be resulted in a punishment from neighbours or in dangerous life experience, cause the little attention to the attitude of a child.
For example, the transport systems work faster, so people are expected to move quicker and fulfill the huge amount of different tasks which also results in the lack of time to spend with family.
For instance, students are overloaded by their schoolwork and extracurriculum activities, which leads to less time for hobbies and also for the communication with relatives.
However, women of 16-24 spent 114,1 minutes, which is less than men in the same age group but it is the highest rate for all women’s age groups.
At the end, social medie are not simple sites and they are not supposed to have only one main function.
A considerable number of modern families has experienced an unprecedented decline in the intensity and consistency of communication between elder and younger generations.
Females, who now leverage from decline of gender gap, are often blaimed by their husbands to underestimate the importance of embracing calm atmosphere in family.
Personally I deem that modern lifestyle certainly affect the way how we cope with family problems but everything is always left to personal decisions and principles.
Psychologist are not able to find out universal solutions to such problems as relationships between parents and children vary a lot in many cases.
The active development of science afford us to use much quicker trains and sea-going vessels than before which are not so harmful for our nature.
The last but not the least is that air travel makes a lot of noise and vibrations which are dangerous for ears.
They say that there are many unnecessary travelling, for example for leisure.
Air pollution and climate change become a greater problem than it was before because of the change of our lifestyle.
This chart shows how many children is different parts of the world did not have access to primary school education in the gears 2000 and 2012.
Blackberry and HTC is overweighted with almost full 5-year period success of the Brand Apple.
However, there is also a fact that men aged from 65 to 74 did more sports than those who is between 55 and 64.
What is more, social media has become a really important way to disseminate information.
There are those who think that social media is a way only to entertain ourselves.
According to the first point of view, social media is a good way to share news, knowledge and information.
At the same time, some people are sure that social media is aimed at entertainment.
About a third of a population would be aged 65 and over in 2040, compare that to below 5% part in 2000.
At a whole, men are more physically developed, and more capable of doing a repeatable machanical work is much easier for them, such a clothing is .
The percentage of population develops in equal way in the USA and Sweden from 1940 to 1990 and it consist 9 percent and 7 percent.
The number of male and female shoulb be equal in every subject in universities.
To my mind, there is no reasonable arguments for limitting the number of students due their gender.
But what factory make the figures so varied?
Secondly, some people may treat such rule even as discrimination of their rights because they think that man or woman are more proficient in the distinkt sphere of science.
For example, IT technology or engeneering are more suitable for boys then for girls.
The second, the graph clearly shows that the proportion of Japan was not very high, but gradually it begin to grow and we can see between 2020 and 2040 how the proportion sharply grows up, and in 2040 it is about 27%, that more that other countries.
The proportion of the populations in Sweden and USA are almost equal, although there is considerable growht between 2000 and 2020.
The main argument for this point of view is that everybody are equal in their rights that is why the opportunities should be the same.
It would be bad for society if woman work in bad conditions, have job which is dangerous for her health.
From my point of view, the main criteria for university to accept person is an independant exam which shows the level of knowledge and some skills which are necessary for this kind of profession.
That means there is no gender, racial or other social barriers while younger people attend any University, that would make the abilities to get a higher education shrinked or abolished for some groups.
Tendences of changing propontions is not so obvious but Sweden and USA have nearly the same situvoion in part of graphic which represents period from 1940 to 1980.
The question of the sex descrimination was opened not so long ago, but several actions of femenistic movemerts has lead to certain resullts.
It will not be surprise that everyone want to make their choice personally, esperiully in question of education.
There will be fair fight between male and female minds, but mankind know so many male names, and so little number of female important persons in science and politics.
For instance, some subjects is needed in enormous force such as building or some technique specialization, engeneering.
If universities give equal access to different direction for women and men they can choose so we get modern society with develop professions where every person do work which can be done by their individual skills.
All in all, from this graph in can be concluded that the levels of population in Japan, Sweden and USA grows from 2030 rapidly.
For example, my friend from Ukraine have told me, that the reason why his family encourages the actions of current revolution is complet misunderstand and frustration connecting with governmental apporat.
The magasine named "Slon" writes, that the men differs from the woman only physically and now it's very easy to mess both groups.
So, Swedish are just in the middle.
Next, it is important to note, that the propotion between eldery people in USA and Sweden was increasing slightly till 1990's, while the feagure, that characterize Japaneese was declining till 2000's.
Of course, there are several reason, why boys usually choose other kind of proffession, than girls.
The line of Japan shows us that from 1940 to 2030 the proportion of population in this country have changed not so much, but then shockly increases.
This is the fact which help us to conclude that peoples' life will be longer.
Everyone try to find the the differences between two types of human.
I know there is a common opinion that the most amount of men are mathematics and think more logical, among of them there is a plenty of great scientist.
Women body have another musculs, they are thiner and their height is not so much.
Today there is a great number of discussions about male/female relationships.
There exist strong arguments of both sides of this disscussion, which implies that it is worth examining all points of view before reaching any conclusion.
And for the first time, this meosure for accepting equall numbers of students seems like justice, lut it is not real suitable criteria for competition between students.
The main criteria is personal abilities and way of thinking.
Secondly, there are a lot of professions which require some physical or psychological features from warheas.
It is is undeniable that math, physics, engeneering are more preferable among boys, while girls are interested in literature, languages, and so on.
However, it can't be called an unehiable rule, and of course, there are a plenty of exceptions.
What is more, population also need to be taken into account, as in some countries, the number of women prevaile.
First of all, if we speak of equality of men and women we should make a notice that this also mean that women could not do some work which is not suit them (take heavy things).
The indicators are devided on 3 groups with countries: Japan, Sweden and USA, and shows changes in the 100 year period from 1940 to 2040.
After 1980 it become to increase slightly.
To sum up, it can be concluded, that during the 1940 and 2040 the percentage of population in three countries rise differently, espassially in Japan, the nation become more aged, than in the USA and Sweden.
It is significant that United States take last place in that group - concerning to me, there are lots of middle - aged people there.
Of course, there are profession where females dominate - teaching, cooking.
It is known that girls like to treat dolls, look for their brothers and sisters whenever boys are keen on construsting buildings, mechanisms of crushing them.
I suggest that there is low population of females are interested in profwssion of policeman or fire fighter because physical training are really needed for this type of work.
Teenagers pass their exams and university compare their results independently of the sex of person.
I suppose that similar rights is one of the busical rules of modern world, but there is no chance to realize system of equal male and female students only because it is dishonest.
After 2000, line of this american population are increasing .
I 2040 it consist of 23 percents of all population.
That's why these faculty accept only male.
In conclusion, I'd like to say that many menmanymindsbutI think that we should change education conditions in this way because today we have a lot of more serious problems to deal with.
Sweden a USA have approximatly the same level of proportion: Both countrier fluctuate since 1940 from 7% a 9%, after this to 12% a 15% in 1980.
To sum up, the statystics indicates, that Japanese population's proportion is changing slowly, instead of Swedish a American rates, which are fluctuated.
But, the highest level of proportion is reached by Japan, in contrast with Sweden a US, which have lower maximum rate.
Second aspect that have to be pointed out is students desire.
And the last but definitely not least idea that need to be pointed out is the following: it is difficult for Universities to accept equal number of students because this process is too complicated and takes place in a very short period of time.
To sum it up, the most significant chaeyes is in Japan.
My friend, for example, think that our society need both male and female specialists.
After porpertual flactuation from 3-5% the level of old Japanese people dramatically rise up to 30%.
Modern Universities offer a wide range of subjects in order to fealize young people's right to get higher education.
It's widely agreed that there are a lot of professions which are typical for only males or females.
Our higher education not always defines our future occupation, bat we still have a right to choose any university and any subject we like according to our preferences ondno one violate this right.
Firstly, according to the graph, the proportion of population slightly increase for 100 years.
Thus, for 20 years the level of population become 10%, and during the last 10 years increased for 28%.
First of all, a lot of scientific researchers in the sphere of man and women phichology exist, which prove the the fact of different understanding the same situations between mail and female.
For example, man are interested in hunting or cars' repairing and women are interested in cooking and teaching,So, the establishing such equalities in universities will not give an opportunity to a huge amount of people to do the things they want to do.
Although it is very sagnificant to defende your rights, such type of changes in universities are unnecessary.
