Some people consider that the developing of modern technologies have the bad influence on people's health and the world's situation at all.
Some people consider that the developing of modern technologies have the bad influence on people's health and the world's situation at all.
Some people consider that the developing of modern technologies have the bad influence on people's health and the world's situation at all.
Air flights nowadays are integrated in multiple business processes and the reducing of the amount of air travel could cause unexpected negative effect.
The most succesful company, according to the graph, is Apple, which obtained 70% of smartphone profits in 2010 and then constantly rised it’s share in global amount of profits share slightly decreased due to the growing of Samsung’s share.
So this fact allows to say that at primary school it is easier to focus on the learning of a foreign language.
That's why studying of foreign languages is on the most needed subjects.
Most people sure that the studying of foreign language is better begin in primary school, other believe that it is better in secondary school.
It is believed that it will be more effective to start learning of foreign language in the childhood before going to the secondary school.
The learning of languages should be enjoyable.
Good luggage of words is the main part of the learning of language.
Nowadays, with developing of the modern world people's lifestyle becomes faster and they tend to spend less time paying attention to their health.
In conclusion, differences between passangers per year in six cities are striking of course, especially talking about the oldest underground system in London in comparison to Paris (775 versus 1191 respectively).
This situation started to change with the developing of the feminist discourse.
The first obvious trend which we can see in this graph is the fact of growing of the percentage of people whose are older than 65 years.
To sum up, I must say that although it is normal that the number of males and females can differ in subjects, universities should try to accept equal number of girls and boys because it can have positive results in studying and creation of a family in a further life after the university.
To come back to the point raised at the beginning, I would say that among different ways of improving public health, developing of sports idea in the greatest.
People should try to eat healthy food and restrict eating of fast-food, chips, gas-water like cola, etc.
Second is that the raising of facilities is not enough to effect on public health.
Luckily, in our country government banned the selling of alcohol after 11 p.
The overall trend is the biggest population of 15-59 years reducing of people of 0-14 years in Yemen and Italy both in 2000 and 2050.
The predictions are increasing of people of 15-59 years (57,3%) and significant reducing of populations of 0-14 years (37,0%).
Some people see the solving of problem in increasing the number of sports facilities.
The main differences in developing of these two countries.
As it is commonly understood to day the level of public health plays a significant role in the developing of society.
In my opinion, there is no base to say that growing of sport facilities will change health rate of society a lot.
The first step of shaping of personality is, of course, family.
Basic characteristics can make studying of some subjects easier or harder.
Some specific skills can be taught only if you have characteristics that make studying of this skills easy.
The truth is that a lot of people are too busy or lazy to visit gyms and do sports, so many would prefer to stop smoking and drinking alcohol, start eating more vegetables and fruits instead of making physical excercises.
