Besides, we can see, that both means of transport carry a small amount of chemicals (12% - part of rail transportation, 16 - part of road carrying).
Nowadays many people believe that modern technologies which are popular around the world and us of it with leads humanity to serious problems with health and amount of this problems is increasing every day.
These pressure could be a main reason of so dangerouse desease as cancer, which often leads to death.
Manufactured goods in this two pie charts is near to twenty five per-cents of all pie.
The biggest part of them took that problem because spend a lot of time at the computer.
If IT-technology takes a lot of time of their life they must choose production with less bad influence.
The amount of non-metallic minerals transported by road is twice bigger than by rail.
The amount of manufactured goods transported by road is practically the same as by rail.
The same amount of chemicals and food products are transported by rail (11 per cent).
While the smallest amount of goods transported by road is machinery.
We can live without it, but now it is the part of our life and it will be very difficult and we will spent for easy things a lot of our time.
Some doctors say that it is because human spend a lot of time under the laptop.
Then follows the amount of manufactured goods.
It depended on materials and types of goods because various cargo should be transported by different ways.
A big amount of people whos eyes became to see worse.
As it known lorrys and trucks more flexible and faster than trains owe to this advantages main part of perishable goods are transported by road.
Moreover, lots of people which are working in Moscow subway are influenced by this radio-waves everyday and the last federal report of Ministry of healt shows that 80% of subway employee regulary experience headace and pain in inner organs.
Counting the fact that 4 billions people in the world use computer and smartphone everyday we can conclude that technologys killing us softly but surely.
In addition, it is clearly that the same trend is seen in transporting metals, this products transported by road is about one third of products transported by rail.
To begin with, these two diagramms show us the statistics of transportation of goods between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
In the first diagram I can see that the metals are the most popular good transported by rail, whereas in the second diagramm I can see that food products transported by road more often than other types of goods.
A lot of bad-influenced factories are situated in towns with a great amount of people.
The goverement should pay more attention to this problems.
Its percentage equals 35%, but in road transporting, metals have only 11% of whole amount of goods.
This dreams are making our brain tired.
But in the same time frequent using of this modern devices leads to people's ilnesses which should be cured.
It is not a secret that modern technologies affect these problem a lot - people do not have active lifestyle and spent a lot of time indoors with their gadgets.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
Firstly, if consider this diseases chronologically, it is reasonable to name obesity as one of the oldest problems claimed to be caused by usage of television and computers.
Generally, this statistics says that some types of goods are mostly transported by trains and some by LGUs, HGUs, motor lorries etc.
The chart also allows to compare amount of goods delivered by motorized vehicles or by rail transport in each category.
The most remarkable parts of the chart show amount of metals transportation and food products by railroads and roads.
It is considered that rapidly increasing amount of technologies integrated to our everyday life is not safe for the people's health.
To be more exact, Japanese society is facing this problem nowadays as several amount of japanese choose being "trapped" in their apartments getting supplies through some services and refusing to contact the outer world.
First of all, there is no denying the countries' population should have enough food to survive and comfortably live.
However, there are people who think that to import food other countries is not fair according to their own population because they do not get enough food themselves.
First of all, producing a lot of food and other goods help plants and manufacturers to improve the quantity of workplaces.
But I don't consider these arguments really strong and in these case I disagree with such point of view.
I absolutely agree with this opinion for the several reason.
All of these offer to many people works, and prospects for rapid career progress.
In conclusion, it can be said that counries must offer opportunities for their own population to buy local goods and services and try to buy or import less things and resourses, because it makes them depended from others.
Similarly, the average pf minimum temperature flactuated between 28 degrees C° and 25 degrees C° with the minimum number of temperature of 18 degrees C° in July.
According to this logic people of all the countries should only eat what their countries can produce.
At this pictures we can be selecting and reporting the main features of climate in Yakutsk and Rio de Janeiro.
Firstly, Some countries have not enough food to feed their own population because of climate, economical situation and other problems.
And the main type of getting and producing food for such countries is export enough from others.
It is undenible that some people belive that countries only nee to produce the food that their own population eats and should aim to import as little as possible.
Thecondly if countries will not produce the-food that their own population eats and will rake a much time and during this time the countries can produce this foods their own population eats.
The percentage of metals transported by railroads is 35% of all the cargo transported by rail in 2008 in the region, while the amount of metals transported by roads is substantially lower - it is only 12% of the goods transported by roads.
The least temperatures that we can see from the table is less than -40°C and it was in Yakutsk in January when in Rio de Janeiro the lowest temperatures was betwee 20°C and 25°C.
Moreover some of abroad food often doesn't have enough quality because it move to our country too late.
Sometimes goverment produce food for over countries that's why thay need to produce less products for their own needs and this is involve on people who live in their country because they don't have much food as they need to.
They haven't got enough food, so in my opinion, rich countries should help them.
Producing the food helps country to earn a lot of money and to build successfull economy.
I have already mentioned a lot of reasons: humanity (help for poor countries), gastronomic benefits (uniques products from all over the world) and financial advantages (import - allowes to earn a lot of money).
Due to that local factories and other industrial creations are able to raise the level of produced goods and services.
For example, chineese people eat a lot of rise and cook almost all dishes with rise because in China there are a conveniant wether conditions to plant it.
In this way, government wasted a lot of money to transportation and other aspects.
And there is a huge amount of pluses.
This two graphs illustrate the highest and the lowest temperatures in each month of the year in Siberian city Yakutsk (Russia) and the capital of carnavals Rio de Janeiro (Brazil).
With this knowledge we can compair this two graphs.
Firstly, countries spend a lot of money on the food's import, whereas they can produce product for the population by their own.
Nonetheless there are a lot of situation, when such things became uncontrol and even it is known there are bad ends.
Government should give enough money in oder to scientist can check better their inovations.
As is given, in Russia the minimum and the maximum numbers of the weather are the same, in January and December, there is about -35 and -40, respectively.
There are some people who consider that countries should produce the food for their own customers.
That's why the population can suffer from these chemical adds and have many deseases.
Highest average Rio temperatures are observed in January and February, with a feeble drop to the amount of 25°C by June and July and a succesive growth.
Import and export are the main processes of the Market; however, same people share belief, that, in terms of food industry, the numbers and amounts of both import and export are heavily exaggorated.
In conclusion, despite some advantages of producing the food for native people, I mostly disagree with the statement because of the impact that world trade has on the economy in different countries and the lack of the products in countries where it is impossible to grow enough food for population which can lead to the hungry and unsatisfaction nation.
I agree that countries only need to produce the food because the level of economy of different countries is not high and the government can not give own people enough food, for example, in Africans country.
For this reason we can see a situation when any countries have a huge number of some product and they need money, at the same time other countries need this product and their goverments have to buy it.
I believe that There are lots of reasons wich can do this way absolutely impossible in the real life.
Modern countries produce a lot of food for their citizens or for export and it is no the news.
There are some opportunities to decrease spending money and increasing the numbers of workforce.
Some people assume this countries should import products as little as possible what means that country choose the direction to consume only products, made in their country.
On the other hand, some products could not be made or grown in the particular country, but this products are really needed by country's consumers.
Moreover, less factories will be in the country that provide food only for people who live in it.
However, it could cause economical problems because there will much less places to work at.
After that figures fall to their winter states.
But we should use this products in our meal because it give us usedful vitamins and minerals.
Some cities, especially the big ones, get enough amount of food, others such as small villages, feel the lack of goods.
To sum up, the main difference between this graphs is that Yakutsk has cold winter and the highest temperature during the summer is average - maximum temperature in Brazil during the summer and autumn season.
We can grow fish and tea, so we will not be hungry, but other country will be, because they have a lot of gas, but cant grow food.
For example, I may need to eat lots of fish and what should I do if my country doesn't produce it and stopped even to import?
To sum up, these two pie charts demonstrate the different rations in their category, however, these graph have some type of goods, that had almost equal persantage in both the goods transported by rail and the goods transported by road.
The charts compare the amount of goods that was transported by rail and by road.
Totally, young generation should be restricted in amount of usage computers or internet until particular age.
If we compare this pie charts we can see that manufactured goods are transported by both means of transport.
There are different ways of solving this problems.
Chemicals had nearly equal numbers in both cases and it is also presented that road transport moved around 2 times higher amount of non-metallic minerals than rail transition (1,3% and 6%, accordingly).
To sum up, the technological progress which can be observed now, despite on the privileges it brings, is one main reasons for physical, sensitive and psychological health problems of population.
Nevertheless, it can be overcomed by focusing humans attention on this problems by government and by establishing more sport facilities and event without payments.
The pie charts compares the amount of goods which was delivered by trains and cars between countries in Eastern Europe in a year of 2008.
Besides, Chemicals were delivered by both ways with simillar amount of this goods with 11 and 16 percents.
The pie charts depict the amount of commodities transported by rail and road between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
It can be observed from the first chart that the metals consisted the large amount of goods (35%), manufactured goods consisted one fourth of all things transported by rail.
There are many of these health problems and several ways have been created in order to overcome that issues.
Procceding to the health problems, different kind of technology cause with various kind of human's diseases, which can lead to death or loose functions of organs.
For example, computer and other devices can cause an addiction which makes people completely lose the track of time when entering this technological imaginary worlds.
Some people believe that modern technology are the reason of numerous quantity of health problems.
It caused by huge amount of devices around us .
All modern gadjets have microwaves and this waves have harmful effect on our health.
While it's certain that some people turn to crime simply because they stumbled upon an opportunity to do so and seemingly get away with it, for a large number of people crime was a desperate, last-resort measure.
It can be deduced from the graph that the world from 2009 to 2011 the world total investment showes-d steady growth from 168 billions to 279 billions, making approximately two-time increase.
Similarly, the investment in developed countries showed growth from 100 billions to 150 billions from 2009 to 2011.
Speaking about developing countries, the investment showed growth from approximately 30 billions in 2006 to 100 billions in 2012, making three-times increase.
Secondly, there are less taxes and charges for companies, making the production of their goods more cheap.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
However, the amount of people using Facebook on their desktop device decreased slightly from 150 to just over 130 million.
It makes a lot of sense, even I would never decide to commit burglary if there was a chance I could land in jail for 10 rather than 2 years, for instance.
Thirdly, in this case more goods will be present in small or poor countries and because of this people there can live better and have wider choice.
We can see that amount of users chatting on Facebook using a computer in 2012 and 2013 is practically equal with 150 millions of users in 2012 and about 130 millions in 2013.
In 2013 the popularity of mobile has risen from about 60 millions of people to about 100 of users.
The world total level of investment in renewable energy has rose up rapidly in 2009, reached the peak in 2011 and gone down in 2013, ending with the investment level of 214 billions of dollars.
The slightest difference is reached in 2013 with difference of 40 billions, comparable with 2010, when the difference in investment was the most dramatic - nearly 70 billion dollars.
Furthermore, in 2006 the level of investment in both developed and developing countries was less than 80 billions, comparable to 2013 with the maximum of 130 billions in developed countries.
They do not get enough sleep, the conditions they work at do not correspond to stated norms and rules.
While it's certain that some people turn to crime simply because they stumbled upon an opportunity to do so and seemingly get away with it, for a large number of people crime was a desperate, last-resort measure.
It can be deduced from the graph that the world from 2009 to 2011 the world total investment showes-d steady growth from 168 billions to 279 billions, making approximately two-time increase.
Similarly, the investment in developed countries showed growth from 100 billions to 150 billions from 2009 to 2011.
Speaking about developing countries, the investment showed growth from approximately 30 billions in 2006 to 100 billions in 2012, making three-times increase.
Secondly, there are less taxes and charges for companies, making the production of their goods more cheap.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
However, the amount of people using Facebook on their desktop device decreased slightly from 150 to just over 130 million.
It makes a lot of sense, even I would never decide to commit burglary if there was a chance I could land in jail for 10 rather than 2 years, for instance.
Thirdly, in this case more goods will be present in small or poor countries and because of this people there can live better and have wider choice.
We can see that amount of users chatting on Facebook using a computer in 2012 and 2013 is practically equal with 150 millions of users in 2012 and about 130 millions in 2013.
In 2013 the popularity of mobile has risen from about 60 millions of people to about 100 of users.
The world total level of investment in renewable energy has rose up rapidly in 2009, reached the peak in 2011 and gone down in 2013, ending with the investment level of 214 billions of dollars.
The slightest difference is reached in 2013 with difference of 40 billions, comparable with 2010, when the difference in investment was the most dramatic - nearly 70 billion dollars.
Furthermore, in 2006 the level of investment in both developed and developing countries was less than 80 billions, comparable to 2013 with the maximum of 130 billions in developed countries.
They do not get enough sleep, the conditions they work at do not correspond to stated norms and rules.
Nowadays many people believe that modern technologies which are popular around the world and us of it with leads humanity to serious problems with health and amount of this problems is increasing every day.
These pressure could be a main reason of so dangerouse desease as cancer, which often leads to death.
The biggest part of them took that problem because spend a lot of time at the computer.
If IT-technology takes a lot of time of their life they must choose production with less bad influence.
A lot of bad-influenced factories are situated in towns with a great amount of people.
The goverement should pay more attention to this problems.
This dreams are making our brain tired.
But in the same time frequent using of this modern devices leads to people's ilnesses which should be cured.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
It is considered that rapidly increasing amount of technologies integrated to our everyday life is not safe for the people's health.
To be more exact, Japanese society is facing this problem nowadays as several amount of japanese choose being "trapped" in their apartments getting supplies through some services and refusing to contact the outer world.
While it's certain that some people turn to crime simply because they stumbled upon an opportunity to do so and seemingly get away with it, for a large number of people crime was a desperate, last-resort measure.
It can be deduced from the graph that the world from 2009 to 2011 the world total investment showes-d steady growth from 168 billions to 279 billions, making approximately two-time increase.
Similarly, the investment in developed countries showed growth from 100 billions to 150 billions from 2009 to 2011.
Speaking about developing countries, the investment showed growth from approximately 30 billions in 2006 to 100 billions in 2012, making three-times increase.
Secondly, there are less taxes and charges for companies, making the production of their goods more cheap.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
However, the amount of people using Facebook on their desktop device decreased slightly from 150 to just over 130 million.
It makes a lot of sense, even I would never decide to commit burglary if there was a chance I could land in jail for 10 rather than 2 years, for instance.
Thirdly, in this case more goods will be present in small or poor countries and because of this people there can live better and have wider choice.
We can see that amount of users chatting on Facebook using a computer in 2012 and 2013 is practically equal with 150 millions of users in 2012 and about 130 millions in 2013.
In 2013 the popularity of mobile has risen from about 60 millions of people to about 100 of users.
The world total level of investment in renewable energy has rose up rapidly in 2009, reached the peak in 2011 and gone down in 2013, ending with the investment level of 214 billions of dollars.
The slightest difference is reached in 2013 with difference of 40 billions, comparable with 2010, when the difference in investment was the most dramatic - nearly 70 billion dollars.
Furthermore, in 2006 the level of investment in both developed and developing countries was less than 80 billions, comparable to 2013 with the maximum of 130 billions in developed countries.
They do not get enough sleep, the conditions they work at do not correspond to stated norms and rules.
Nowadays many people believe that modern technologies which are popular around the world and us of it with leads humanity to serious problems with health and amount of this problems is increasing every day.
These pressure could be a main reason of so dangerouse desease as cancer, which often leads to death.
The biggest part of them took that problem because spend a lot of time at the computer.
If IT-technology takes a lot of time of their life they must choose production with less bad influence.
A lot of bad-influenced factories are situated in towns with a great amount of people.
The goverement should pay more attention to this problems.
This dreams are making our brain tired.
But in the same time frequent using of this modern devices leads to people's ilnesses which should be cured.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
It is considered that rapidly increasing amount of technologies integrated to our everyday life is not safe for the people's health.
To be more exact, Japanese society is facing this problem nowadays as several amount of japanese choose being "trapped" in their apartments getting supplies through some services and refusing to contact the outer world.
The line graph illustrates how changes the amount of profits of Apple, Samsung, Blackberry and HTC for the period of five years.
The main reason is that prices for goods are highso it is necessary for families to have enough money to buy these products.
Education of children is also expensive and parents always pay a lot of money for it.
Children spend a lot of time in, for example, kindergarden and take a wide range of habits from other children.
By contrast, profits of HTC and Blackberry fell during this years and Samsung income were the same level in 2015 as in 2010.
It is easy to find some problems that caused by this reasons.
Firstly, children and their parents have no trusting relationships because they don’t spend enough time to gether.
To sum up, when parents and their children don’t spend enough time together their family starts to destroy.
However, such choices lead to situations, when children do not spend enough time with their parents, and it causes following problems.
Generally speaking, the total amount of such children decreased in every region.
The most dramatic changes took place in South Asia, where the number of these children fell down by more then 3 times form 32,7 millions to 9,9 which is the lowest rate in 2012.
The price on the small amount of tickets that will still be on the market will be too high and nearly noone will be able to afford them.
It was counted by 43,7 millions children.
In 2012 the number of uneducated children had gone down to 32,7 millions.
The second place in number of uneducated children in 2000 year took South Asia with 32,7 millions.
But in 2012 it dramatically gone down to 9,9 millions.
Rest of World’s number in 2000 year is 23,3 millions.
And this number fell down to 15,3 millions to 2012.
The gender in all this regions is practically same.
The graph represents the amount of boys and girls during the period from 2000 to 2012 in different regions who were not able to access the primary school.
According to the chart the greatest number of children without access to primary education was in Africa in 2000 year (more than 43 millions).
First of all, according to the statistic much more poisonous gas and exhaust fumes are produced by cars, due to this fact it will be more useful to introduce more laws for reducing amount of cars which is constantly rising nowadays.
Moreover, reducing the amount of air flights will cause some kind of economic crises for air flight companies and influence the number of people who will start use their private transport such as cars, and using of trains and ferries is also will increase.
However, this kinds of transport produce more waste in the atmosphere.
As a result, this laws for reducing air travel will not be effective and useful for the environment and will lead to crisis.
We are given a bar chart which provides us with information about the changes in the amount of children who have not an opportunity to be educated in primary school in different regions such as Africa, South Asia and the rest of the world.
First of all, the main feature is that the amount of boys and girls without primary school educations decreased in all regions between 2000 and 2012.
The best decrease was registrated in South Asia from 32,7 millions children to 9,9 millions.
Introduction of this laws will probably cause negative moods in the socity.
Obviously, the least number of children with no access to school education belongs to South Asia: 4,8 millions of boys and 5,1 millions of girls got left with no education in 2012.
The least changes are found in Africa: the number of boys with no education fell for 20 per cent approximately, while in case with girls there is a decrease for 30 per cent roughly.
The chart provides the information about the change in the amount of children, who don’t have an access to primary school education in twelve years period by sex and region.
Furthermore, these twelve year have witnessed a great downward trend, especially in Asia, where the quantity of girls without access to primary education has become four times less, and number of boys just about two times less.
It was 43,7 millions of people.
Besides, in 2012 Africa did not lose its position and counted 32,7 millions of children without an education, which was still the biggest number by this time.
That number is 9,9 millions.
The biggest difference was noticed in South Asia in 2000, where twice more uneducated girls than boys and that variable was 21,6 millions.
It is obvious that all these transport can be as damaging for the nature, as planes do, or maybe ever more.
The most obvious change has occured in South Asia with a fall form 21,6 millions of girls and 11,1 millions of boys in 2000 to 4,8 and 5,1 millions correspondingly.
The number of girls without education reduced from 23,7 to 18,2 millions.
Also 5,5 millions more of african boys 2012 could have an opportunity to study than in 2000.
Some people claim that travelling by air leads to environmental problems, so governments should prohibit such an enormous amount of flights.
By reducing a huge amount of flights some really serious problems with transportation may occure.
As it can be seen from the bar chart, there was only approximately 10 millions of children without the access to education in 2012 in South Asia in comparison to about 35 millions in 2000 which means that there used to be almost 3,5 more children unable to enter school in 2000 than 2012.
Speaking about Africa, there was a slight improvement in decreasing the number of children with no access to primary schools: almost 5 millions more girls and just over 5 millions of boys were able to get education in 2012 results: the general number insignificantly decreased while boys and girls shares remained stable.
The bar chart illustrates changes in the amount of children without access to primary school education during the period of 13 years (2000-2012) by sex and region.
It has fallen by 18,2 millions girls and 14,5 millions boys in 2012.
The most dramatic change have happened in South Asia, where the fall in number of kids was approximately 26 millions: from 2000 to 2012.
This dynamic has resulted in the fact that South Asia has less children without chance to have primary school education that in the other regions.
There is a widely spread opinion that government structures should control the number of air travel by the power of law, but from my personal point of view it is not the most effective solution to this problem.
First of all, although it is true that in our time we have a huge amount of unnecessary air travel incidents, it could be very difficult to establish an international law that will control the number of flights.
The chart illustrates the amount of children, which are do not have an opportunity to get education in primary school from 2000 by gender and areas.
From the first glance, it is clear that Africa took the first place in the amount of children, which cannot be educated in primary schools.
That was only 10 millions.
The highest mark of the number of children without any primary education available was noticed in Africa with 20 millions of boys and 23,7 millions of girls, respectively, making for an insignificant difference between genders in 2000.
Both regions experienced a steady decrease of, approximately, 10 million adolescents over the period with the total of 33 millions and 15 millions for Africa and Rest of the World respectively.
My strong concern is that new regulations should be passed by authorities so as to out down on the amount of nonessential flights.
The greatest rise in the level of access happened in South Asia when approximately twenty three millions of children have got an opportunity to study.
For example, in South Asia the number of such boys was approximately two times bigger – almost twenty one and a half millions versus almost eleven millions.
They are ten millions of kids in Africa, eight millions – in the rest of the world and the most significant changes happened in South Asia where the gap redused for approximately twenty three millions of children.
As a lot of air travel is unnecessary, governments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure.
It has already been concluded by scientists that aircraft produces too much CO2 emissions and destroys our environment.
The graph illustrates the amount of children who do not have the opportunity, to go to school in a period of time from the year 2000 to 2012 by sex and geographic location.
So nearly 45 millions of children could not afford education in 2000 in Africa and more than half of that number is established by girls – 23,7 millions to 20 millions of boys.
This proportion is even more in the South Asia in the same year – 21,6 millions girls compared with 11,1 millions of young men.
In the rest of the world situation was the same in 2000 – 12,8 millions girls to 10,5 millions boys.
So, in South Asia and the rest of the world the proportion between uneducated boys and girls became almost the same at that time – 4,8 millions of girls to 5,1 millions boys and 7,6 millions of girls to 7,7 millions of boys.
All in all, we can see that the amount of uneducated children falls down each year and girls now have nearly the same opportunities for studying as boys do.
Shipping cargo and the passengers by airplanes leads to polluting the atmosphere and the raise of temperature all over the world, so must be taken laws for the reducing the number of air travel for business and tourism activities.
Carbon dioxide which is thrown in the atmosphere by planes causes global warming and ice melting and planes produce most of it, so less planes means less pollution.
However, this increase has then followed by a drop in 2013, when the percentage reached the number of 60%.
Although in the period of 2013-2015 Samsung's share of profits decreased more than twice to the number of 15%.
Then, children feel not enough love and support from their parents and may unconsiously reproduce such family model in future, raising the generalizations of underloved individuals.
According to the chart, almost 24 and 20 millions of boys and girls in Africa did not have access to primary school education in 2000, whereas the number of children without primary education in South Asia was slightly more that 21 and 11 millions for girls and boys respectively in the same year.
Twelve years later this number declined by nearly 5 and 3 millions for girls and boys living in the rest of the world respectively.
On the other hand, in order to raise a child one needs to work as a lot of money is needed.
It is easy to see that in 2000 the biggest number of uneducated children held place in Africa with almost 45 millions of people, whilst in the rest of the world was the smallest with only 23 millions.
By the time passed the situation has dramaticaly changed for all of the given regions - the biggest difference seemed to be in South Asia as the number plummeted from 32 millions to 10, which was the lest result in 2012 in comparison to other places.
The living costs much, especially in big cities, and the situation when both of the parents work is not a surprise.
They are not so strict (as a rule) and a child may spend a lot of time in front of the tv or computer screen, which is badly for health.
To sum up, the main reasons why both of the parents work is the necessity to get money and a carreer willings.
For example, the transport systems work faster, so people are expected to move quicker and fulfill the huge amount of different tasks which also results in the lack of time to spend with family.
In this category men spent 29,2 minutes and women spent 10 minutes.
Overall, the situation on the global smartphone market tended to change many time but the leader company stayed the same.
Unfortunately, it affects their children as they do not have enough time for spending it on something else but work.
In 2012 there was a decrease by 5% in amount of boys not visiting primary schools and the same trend was observed for girls.
The most dramatic change was in south Asia where number of children without access to primary schools dropped from 32,7 millions to 9,9 millions and reached the lowest number.
To sum up I would like to note that air travel has to be reduced in order to improve ecological situation and first of all in the aim of government, because people are not consious enough and do not have enough power to make such serious decisions.
During this period it had had a little decrease from 43,7 millions to 32,7.
After 12 years situation has changed a lot and in the 2012 we can see equal quantity of boys and girls, total number was 9,9 millions.
In the Rest of World in the 2000 were 23,3 millions of such children and more girls than boys (12,8 with 10,5).
In the 2000 Africa had the biggest amount of non-educated children and Rest of the World - the lowest.
You couldn't travel to other part of the Earth not by plane, it will take you a lot of time, great part of your life.
If we reduce the number of air travelling we won't solve the problem.
They say that there are many unnecessary travelling, for example for leisure.
The graph illustrates how the overall amount of children not able to get education in primary school and its ratio by genders in the three regions changed in 12 years.
The most succesful company, according to the graph, is Apple, which obtained 70% of smartphone profits in 2010 and then constantly rised it’s share in global amount of profits share slightly decreased due to the growing of Samsung’s share.
However, such choices lead to situations, when children do not spend enough time with their parents, and it causes following problems.
The number of male and female shoulb be equal in every subject in universities.
Moreover, it should be noted that number of male and female students influence behavior.
In conclusion, I would like to say that universities make right choise, when accept equal number of male and female in every subject, but it is not availible now, case of the general population of male and female is not the same.
The data below demontstrates the proportion of population among citizens of age 65 and over in Japan, Sweden and the United States during one handrend years (1940-2040).
Never the less, he amount of old citizens will slightly accrease in 2020'sand then it will comes to its peak of 25 percents in 2040.
To sum it up, I would like to say that the idea of acceptance the same amount of male students as a female in university seems to has no sense.
The graph presents data connected with the percentage estimation of amount of people of age 65 and more from three different countries in the selected period of time between 1940 and 2040.
Than amount of such people in the USA sharply rised up to 15% and then levelled off till 2020.
Nowadays, there is an urgent problem connected with the argument whether it is necessary for universities to allocate proportional amount of male and female students in every discipline.
In conclusion, I would like to emphasize that both man and woman should be able to choose their subject independly and the amount of people to every discipline by no means should be determined by universities.
Some people believe that there must be as much female students as male students in every subject.
In comporison with middle-ages, it could be said that women have as much rights as men, or even more.
However, they want more and more - in some countries women want to get as much places in government as men, or enforce universities to accept equal numbers of male and female students.
However, that doesn't mean that female students shouldn't be accepted for these courses - if they have enough knowledge and intention to study these subject why don't they be accepted?
To sum up, we can say that people in this countries become older and in the future there will be less young people and as a result it will be less people who can work in effective way.
Some people believe that the amount of male and female in universities should be the same for every subject.
The second argument may be that in such situation, when the amount of male and female students in every faculty is equal everybody will ful comfortable because there will not be a majority of girls, for instance, and it will be easier for everybody to communicate and find friends.
Some people claim that universities should accept equal amount of male and female students in every subject.
However, with nearly 10% the USA was dominating Sweden in one and a half and Japan nearly twice times.
Inspite of this facts, graphic shows suggested tendency of dramut: cully increasing proportion for all of three countries.
The graph shows difference between amount of 65 ages citizens in per cent from 1940 to 2040 in Japan, Sweden and USA.
Countries in 1940 included only 5-10% of old people (65 years and over); but recearchers suppose that amount of this people in population of countries will be about 20-30% to 2040.
The topic of difference between male and female in different spheres of studing is very important in modern world, because nowadays question of equal rights and opportunities is topical for large amount of people and organization.
Obviously, girls are able to take knowledge about this subjects but they cannot to work and use their knowledge in practice.
To sum up, the general idea of modern education is not equal amount of girls and boys but is iqual access to this education!
All in all the graph shows, that the amount of people aged 65 and over is not static between 1940 and 2040, it changes dramatically and in whole is going up.
As for me, it does not matter how many male or female students are in studying group, but it is clearly, that universities should offer equal amount of places for boys and girls.
Of course, there are several reason, why boys usually choose other kind of proffession, than girls.
The most amount of changes connected with proportion of population in Sweden.
I know there is a common opinion that the most amount of men are mathematics and think more logical, among of them there is a plenty of great scientist.
That's because men have much possibilities than women.
The percentage of population aged 65 and over in USA is guaducelly increasing during this 100 years like in Sweden.
As a result of this equality students lose their ability for competition.
The line graph gives an information about the amount of people over 65 years old basing on the statistic data of three countries: Japan, Sweden and the United States of America.
According to the graph, the amount of people from the presented age group in Japan steadily fell in the period from 1940 to 1985.
The amount of such people in the United States slightly increased from 9% to 15% in the period from 1940 to 1980.
Besides, it can be seen from the life, that men are good at one aspects and women are the best in other questions.
However, if was equal amount of male and female students, it can easy to work in pare.
Taking all these facts into consideration my conclusion is that equal number of male and female student in every subject is possible but there is no practical benefit.
The graph presents the changing of the amount of people aged 65 during a centure since 1940 till 2040 in Japan, Sweden and USA.
But should universities accept equal amount of boys and girls?
Less boys are interested in low, more girls become judges, lawyers, prosecutors etc.
First of all, population of this people in Japan was the most little from 1940 to 2030.
As aresult, we can name the same dinamic of increasing proportion of the population aged 65 and over in this countries.
This graph shows us, that qualer of the population is old people, and borning was decling or level of life in this countries was increasing.
There is opinion, that universities should have equal amount of male and female students in every subject in society.
Secondly, to my mind, level of education doestn depend from equal amount of boys and girls.
There are a lot of wrong opinion about universities'es education in society, and this theory is one of them.
But some persons consider that the institutes should accept the equal amount of girls and boys in every faculty.
That's why these faculty accept only male.
To sum it up I can say that I completely agree with the statement that the universities should not accept the strong established member of students (equal amount of male and female).
The graph illustrates the amount of people aged 65 and under over the period of 100 years between 1940 and 2040.
After that numbers of Japan started to decline slowly.
Some people believe that equal amount of boys and girls should be accepted in every faculty.
Most students have enough free time to do this with no destroy of studing.
In 2040 the number of population aged 65 and over reached a peak.
Implementation of that requirement will not be effective and number of male and female student is unlikely to become equal in every subject.
The amount of elderly people living in Japan, Sweden and the USA in different years is given on the data presented.
Probably, such a suggestion is reffered by people to the point that the number of male in our population declines rapidly.
On my course, for instance, there is a great deal of girls than boys.
What is more, the government trough the universities cannot control an amount of people of each gender, studying definite subject.
It should be taken into qecunt that the situation when equal amount of girls and boys study one subject, what is the main issue, can never come true as it is impossible for state to regulate people's interests.
After that the percentage had various development in the all countries.
However, the amount of 65 and over years old people has risen in Japan since 1990.
To begin with, I am in favour of such point of view that there is no neccesity in the establishing of this rules.
For example, man are interested in hunting or cars' repairing and women are interested in cooking and teaching,So, the establishing such equalities in universities will not give an opportunity to a huge amount of people to do the things they want to do.
In each sector far less people after 50 have an intention to change the sphere where they work.
