Besides, we can see, that both means of transport carry a small amount of chemicals (12% - part of rail transportation, 16 - part of road carrying).
Nowadays many people believe that modern technologies which are popular around the world and us of it with leads humanity to serious problems with health and amount of this problems is increasing every day.
These pressure could be a main reason of so dangerouse desease as cancer, which often leads to death.
Manufactured goods in this two pie charts is near to twenty five per-cents of all pie.
The biggest part of them took that problem because spend a lot of time at the computer.
If IT-technology takes a lot of time of their life they must choose production with less bad influence.
The amount of non-metallic minerals transported by road is twice bigger than by rail.
The amount of manufactured goods transported by road is practically the same as by rail.
The same amount of chemicals and food products are transported by rail (11 per cent).
While the smallest amount of goods transported by road is machinery.
Next, on the diagramm №1 we see that manufactured goods - 25%and it is almost equile quantity manufactured goods transported by road.
We can live without it, but now it is the part of our life and it will be very difficult and we will spent for easy things a lot of our time.
Some doctors say that it is because human spend a lot of time under the laptop.
Then follows the amount of manufactured goods.
It depended on materials and types of goods because various cargo should be transported by different ways.
A big amount of people whos eyes became to see worse.
As it known lorrys and trucks more flexible and faster than trains owe to this advantages main part of perishable goods are transported by road.
Moreover, lots of people which are working in Moscow subway are influenced by this radio-waves everyday and the last federal report of Ministry of healt shows that 80% of subway employee regulary experience headace and pain in inner organs.
Counting the fact that 4 billions people in the world use computer and smartphone everyday we can conclude that technologys killing us softly but surely.
In addition, it is clearly that the same trend is seen in transporting metals, this products transported by road is about one third of products transported by rail.
To begin with, these two diagramms show us the statistics of transportation of goods between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
A lot of bad-influenced factories are situated in towns with a great amount of people.
The goverement should pay more attention to this problems.
Its percentage equals 35%, but in road transporting, metals have only 11% of whole amount of goods.
This dreams are making our brain tired.
But in the same time frequent using of this modern devices leads to people's ilnesses which should be cured.
It is not a secret that modern technologies affect these problem a lot - people do not have active lifestyle and spent a lot of time indoors with their gadgets.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
Firstly, if consider this diseases chronologically, it is reasonable to name obesity as one of the oldest problems claimed to be caused by usage of television and computers.
Generally, this statistics says that some types of goods are mostly transported by trains and some by LGUs, HGUs, motor lorries etc.
The chart also allows to compare amount of goods delivered by motorized vehicles or by rail transport in each category.
The most remarkable parts of the chart show amount of metals transportation and food products by railroads and roads.
It is considered that rapidly increasing amount of technologies integrated to our everyday life is not safe for the people's health.
Sometimes this data illustrates considerably terrible processes and problems.
To be more exact, Japanese society is facing this problem nowadays as several amount of japanese choose being "trapped" in their apartments getting supplies through some services and refusing to contact the outer world.
First of all, there is no denying the countries' population should have enough food to survive and comfortably live.
However, there are people who think that to import food other countries is not fair according to their own population because they do not get enough food themselves.
First of all, producing a lot of food and other goods help plants and manufacturers to improve the quantity of workplaces.
But I don't consider these arguments really strong and in these case I disagree with such point of view.
I absolutely agree with this opinion for the several reason.
All of these offer to many people works, and prospects for rapid career progress.
In conclusion, it can be said that counries must offer opportunities for their own population to buy local goods and services and try to buy or import less things and resourses, because it makes them depended from others.
Similarly, the average pf minimum temperature flactuated between 28 degrees C° and 25 degrees C° with the minimum number of temperature of 18 degrees C° in July.
According to this logic people of all the countries should only eat what their countries can produce.
At this pictures we can be selecting and reporting the main features of climate in Yakutsk and Rio de Janeiro.
Firstly, Some countries have not enough food to feed their own population because of climate, economical situation and other problems.
And the main type of getting and producing food for such countries is export enough from others.
Thecondly if countries will not produce the-food that their own population eats and will rake a much time and during this time the countries can produce this foods their own population eats.
The percentage of metals transported by railroads is 35% of all the cargo transported by rail in 2008 in the region, while the amount of metals transported by roads is substantially lower - it is only 12% of the goods transported by roads.
The least temperatures that we can see from the table is less than -40°C and it was in Yakutsk in January when in Rio de Janeiro the lowest temperatures was betwee 20°C and 25°C.
Moreover some of abroad food often doesn't have enough quality because it move to our country too late.
Sometimes goverment produce food for over countries that's why thay need to produce less products for their own needs and this is involve on people who live in their country because they don't have much food as they need to.
They haven't got enough food, so in my opinion, rich countries should help them.
Producing the food helps country to earn a lot of money and to build successfull economy.
I have already mentioned a lot of reasons: humanity (help for poor countries), gastronomic benefits (uniques products from all over the world) and financial advantages (import - allowes to earn a lot of money).
Due to that local factories and other industrial creations are able to raise the level of produced goods and services.
For example, chineese people eat a lot of rise and cook almost all dishes with rise because in China there are a conveniant wether conditions to plant it.
In this way, government wasted a lot of money to transportation and other aspects.
And there is a huge amount of pluses.
This two graphs illustrate the highest and the lowest temperatures in each month of the year in Siberian city Yakutsk (Russia) and the capital of carnavals Rio de Janeiro (Brazil).
With this knowledge we can compair this two graphs.
Firstly, countries spend a lot of money on the food's import, whereas they can produce product for the population by their own.
Nonetheless there are a lot of situation, when such things became uncontrol and even it is known there are bad ends.
Government should give enough money in oder to scientist can check better their inovations.
As is given, in Russia the minimum and the maximum numbers of the weather are the same, in January and December, there is about -35 and -40, respectively.
There are some people who consider that countries should produce the food for their own customers.
That's why the population can suffer from these chemical adds and have many deseases.
Import and export are the main processes of the Market; however, same people share belief, that, in terms of food industry, the numbers and amounts of both import and export are heavily exaggorated.
In conclusion, despite some advantages of producing the food for native people, I mostly disagree with the statement because of the impact that world trade has on the economy in different countries and the lack of the products in countries where it is impossible to grow enough food for population which can lead to the hungry and unsatisfaction nation.
I agree that countries only need to produce the food because the level of economy of different countries is not high and the government can not give own people enough food, for example, in Africans country.
For this reason we can see a situation when any countries have a huge number of some product and they need money, at the same time other countries need this product and their goverments have to buy it.
In conclusion I want to say, that countries all over the world should aim to import and export as big as possible and to produce not only the food that their own population eats, but different populations of the people all over the world.
Modern countries produce a lot of food for their citizens or for export and it is no the news.
There are some opportunities to decrease spending money and increasing the numbers of workforce.
Some people assume this countries should import products as little as possible what means that country choose the direction to consume only products, made in their country.
On the other hand, some products could not be made or grown in the particular country, but this products are really needed by country's consumers.
Moreover, less factories will be in the country that provide food only for people who live in it.
However, it could cause economical problems because there will much less places to work at.
After that figures fall to their winter states.
But we should use this products in our meal because it give us usedful vitamins and minerals.
Some cities, especially the big ones, get enough amount of food, others such as small villages, feel the lack of goods.
To sum up, the main difference between this graphs is that Yakutsk has cold winter and the highest temperature during the summer is average - maximum temperature in Brazil during the summer and autumn season.
We can grow fish and tea, so we will not be hungry, but other country will be, because they have a lot of gas, but cant grow food.
For example, I may need to eat lots of fish and what should I do if my country doesn't produce it and stopped even to import?
To sum up, these two pie charts demonstrate the different rations in their category, however, these graph have some type of goods, that had almost equal persantage in both the goods transported by rail and the goods transported by road.
The charts compare the amount of goods that was transported by rail and by road.
Overall, in 2008 it was a tendation to use rail way transport in order to relocate industrial stuffs like metals or machinery, while roads were used in order to remove less industrial guilds, like nutrition products or chemicals ones.
Totally, young generation should be restricted in amount of usage computers or internet until particular age.
If we compare this pie charts we can see that manufactured goods are transported by both means of transport.
There are different ways of solving this problems.
Chemicals had nearly equal numbers in both cases and it is also presented that road transport moved around 2 times higher amount of non-metallic minerals than rail transition (1,3% and 6%, accordingly).
To sum up, the technological progress which can be observed now, despite on the privileges it brings, is one main reasons for physical, sensitive and psychological health problems of population.
Nevertheless, it can be overcomed by focusing humans attention on this problems by government and by establishing more sport facilities and event without payments.
The pie charts compares the amount of goods which was delivered by trains and cars between countries in Eastern Europe in a year of 2008.
Besides, Chemicals were delivered by both ways with simillar amount of this goods with 11 and 16 percents.
The pie charts depict the amount of commodities transported by rail and road between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
It can be observed from the first chart that the metals consisted the large amount of goods (35%), manufactured goods consisted one fourth of all things transported by rail.
There are many of these health problems and several ways have been created in order to overcome that issues.
Procceding to the health problems, different kind of technology cause with various kind of human's diseases, which can lead to death or loose functions of organs.
For example, computer and other devices can cause an addiction which makes people completely lose the track of time when entering this technological imaginary worlds.
Some people believe that modern technology are the reason of numerous quantity of health problems.
It caused by huge amount of devices around us .
All modern gadjets have microwaves and this waves have harmful effect on our health.
While it's certain that some people turn to crime simply because they stumbled upon an opportunity to do so and seemingly get away with it, for a large number of people crime was a desperate, last-resort measure.
It can be deduced from the graph that the world from 2009 to 2011 the world total investment showes-d steady growth from 168 billions to 279 billions, making approximately two-time increase.
Similarly, the investment in developed countries showed growth from 100 billions to 150 billions from 2009 to 2011.
Speaking about developing countries, the investment showed growth from approximately 30 billions in 2006 to 100 billions in 2012, making three-times increase.
Secondly, there are less taxes and charges for companies, making the production of their goods more cheap.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
However, the amount of people using Facebook on their desktop device decreased slightly from 150 to just over 130 million.
It makes a lot of sense, even I would never decide to commit burglary if there was a chance I could land in jail for 10 rather than 2 years, for instance.
Thirdly, in this case more goods will be present in small or poor countries and because of this people there can live better and have wider choice.
We can see that amount of users chatting on Facebook using a computer in 2012 and 2013 is practically equal with 150 millions of users in 2012 and about 130 millions in 2013.
In 2013 the popularity of mobile has risen from about 60 millions of people to about 100 of users.
The world total level of investment in renewable energy has rose up rapidly in 2009, reached the peak in 2011 and gone down in 2013, ending with the investment level of 214 billions of dollars.
The slightest difference is reached in 2013 with difference of 40 billions, comparable with 2010, when the difference in investment was the most dramatic - nearly 70 billion dollars.
Furthermore, in 2006 the level of investment in both developed and developing countries was less than 80 billions, comparable to 2013 with the maximum of 130 billions in developed countries.
They do not get enough sleep, the conditions they work at do not correspond to stated norms and rules.
While it's certain that some people turn to crime simply because they stumbled upon an opportunity to do so and seemingly get away with it, for a large number of people crime was a desperate, last-resort measure.
It can be deduced from the graph that the world from 2009 to 2011 the world total investment showes-d steady growth from 168 billions to 279 billions, making approximately two-time increase.
Similarly, the investment in developed countries showed growth from 100 billions to 150 billions from 2009 to 2011.
Speaking about developing countries, the investment showed growth from approximately 30 billions in 2006 to 100 billions in 2012, making three-times increase.
Secondly, there are less taxes and charges for companies, making the production of their goods more cheap.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
However, the amount of people using Facebook on their desktop device decreased slightly from 150 to just over 130 million.
It makes a lot of sense, even I would never decide to commit burglary if there was a chance I could land in jail for 10 rather than 2 years, for instance.
Thirdly, in this case more goods will be present in small or poor countries and because of this people there can live better and have wider choice.
We can see that amount of users chatting on Facebook using a computer in 2012 and 2013 is practically equal with 150 millions of users in 2012 and about 130 millions in 2013.
In 2013 the popularity of mobile has risen from about 60 millions of people to about 100 of users.
The world total level of investment in renewable energy has rose up rapidly in 2009, reached the peak in 2011 and gone down in 2013, ending with the investment level of 214 billions of dollars.
The slightest difference is reached in 2013 with difference of 40 billions, comparable with 2010, when the difference in investment was the most dramatic - nearly 70 billion dollars.
Furthermore, in 2006 the level of investment in both developed and developing countries was less than 80 billions, comparable to 2013 with the maximum of 130 billions in developed countries.
They do not get enough sleep, the conditions they work at do not correspond to stated norms and rules.
Nowadays many people believe that modern technologies which are popular around the world and us of it with leads humanity to serious problems with health and amount of this problems is increasing every day.
These pressure could be a main reason of so dangerouse desease as cancer, which often leads to death.
The biggest part of them took that problem because spend a lot of time at the computer.
If IT-technology takes a lot of time of their life they must choose production with less bad influence.
A lot of bad-influenced factories are situated in towns with a great amount of people.
The goverement should pay more attention to this problems.
This dreams are making our brain tired.
But in the same time frequent using of this modern devices leads to people's ilnesses which should be cured.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
It is considered that rapidly increasing amount of technologies integrated to our everyday life is not safe for the people's health.
Sometimes this data illustrates considerably terrible processes and problems.
To be more exact, Japanese society is facing this problem nowadays as several amount of japanese choose being "trapped" in their apartments getting supplies through some services and refusing to contact the outer world.
While it's certain that some people turn to crime simply because they stumbled upon an opportunity to do so and seemingly get away with it, for a large number of people crime was a desperate, last-resort measure.
It can be deduced from the graph that the world from 2009 to 2011 the world total investment showes-d steady growth from 168 billions to 279 billions, making approximately two-time increase.
Similarly, the investment in developed countries showed growth from 100 billions to 150 billions from 2009 to 2011.
Speaking about developing countries, the investment showed growth from approximately 30 billions in 2006 to 100 billions in 2012, making three-times increase.
Secondly, there are less taxes and charges for companies, making the production of their goods more cheap.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
However, the amount of people using Facebook on their desktop device decreased slightly from 150 to just over 130 million.
It makes a lot of sense, even I would never decide to commit burglary if there was a chance I could land in jail for 10 rather than 2 years, for instance.
Thirdly, in this case more goods will be present in small or poor countries and because of this people there can live better and have wider choice.
We can see that amount of users chatting on Facebook using a computer in 2012 and 2013 is practically equal with 150 millions of users in 2012 and about 130 millions in 2013.
In 2013 the popularity of mobile has risen from about 60 millions of people to about 100 of users.
The world total level of investment in renewable energy has rose up rapidly in 2009, reached the peak in 2011 and gone down in 2013, ending with the investment level of 214 billions of dollars.
The slightest difference is reached in 2013 with difference of 40 billions, comparable with 2010, when the difference in investment was the most dramatic - nearly 70 billion dollars.
Furthermore, in 2006 the level of investment in both developed and developing countries was less than 80 billions, comparable to 2013 with the maximum of 130 billions in developed countries.
They do not get enough sleep, the conditions they work at do not correspond to stated norms and rules.
Nowadays many people believe that modern technologies which are popular around the world and us of it with leads humanity to serious problems with health and amount of this problems is increasing every day.
These pressure could be a main reason of so dangerouse desease as cancer, which often leads to death.
The biggest part of them took that problem because spend a lot of time at the computer.
If IT-technology takes a lot of time of their life they must choose production with less bad influence.
A lot of bad-influenced factories are situated in towns with a great amount of people.
The goverement should pay more attention to this problems.
This dreams are making our brain tired.
But in the same time frequent using of this modern devices leads to people's ilnesses which should be cured.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
It is considered that rapidly increasing amount of technologies integrated to our everyday life is not safe for the people's health.
Sometimes this data illustrates considerably terrible processes and problems.
To be more exact, Japanese society is facing this problem nowadays as several amount of japanese choose being "trapped" in their apartments getting supplies through some services and refusing to contact the outer world.
The line graph illustrates how changes the amount of profits of Apple, Samsung, Blackberry and HTC for the period of five years.
The main reason is that prices for goods are highso it is necessary for families to have enough money to buy these products.
Education of children is also expensive and parents always pay a lot of money for it.
Children spend a lot of time in, for example, kindergarden and take a wide range of habits from other children.
By contrast, profits of HTC and Blackberry fell during this years and Samsung income were the same level in 2015 as in 2010.
It is easy to find some problems that caused by this reasons.
Firstly, children and their parents have no trusting relationships because they don’t spend enough time to gether.
To sum up, when parents and their children don’t spend enough time together their family starts to destroy.
However, such choices lead to situations, when children do not spend enough time with their parents, and it causes following problems.
Generally speaking, the total amount of such children decreased in every region.
The most dramatic changes took place in South Asia, where the number of these children fell down by more then 3 times form 32,7 millions to 9,9 which is the lowest rate in 2012.
The price on the small amount of tickets that will still be on the market will be too high and nearly noone will be able to afford them.
It was counted by 43,7 millions children.
In 2012 the number of uneducated children had gone down to 32,7 millions.
The second place in number of uneducated children in 2000 year took South Asia with 32,7 millions.
But in 2012 it dramatically gone down to 9,9 millions.
Rest of World’s number in 2000 year is 23,3 millions.
And this number fell down to 15,3 millions to 2012.
The gender in all this regions is practically same.
The graph represents the amount of boys and girls during the period from 2000 to 2012 in different regions who were not able to access the primary school.
According to the chart the greatest number of children without access to primary education was in Africa in 2000 year (more than 43 millions).
First of all, according to the statistic much more poisonous gas and exhaust fumes are produced by cars, due to this fact it will be more useful to introduce more laws for reducing amount of cars which is constantly rising nowadays.
Moreover, reducing the amount of air flights will cause some kind of economic crises for air flight companies and influence the number of people who will start use their private transport such as cars, and using of trains and ferries is also will increase.
However, this kinds of transport produce more waste in the atmosphere.
As a result, this laws for reducing air travel will not be effective and useful for the environment and will lead to crisis.
We are given a bar chart which provides us with information about the changes in the amount of children who have not an opportunity to be educated in primary school in different regions such as Africa, South Asia and the rest of the world.
First of all, the main feature is that the amount of boys and girls without primary school educations decreased in all regions between 2000 and 2012.
The best decrease was registrated in South Asia from 32,7 millions children to 9,9 millions.
Introduction of this laws will probably cause negative moods in the socity.
Obviously, the least number of children with no access to school education belongs to South Asia: 4,8 millions of boys and 5,1 millions of girls got left with no education in 2012.
The least changes are found in Africa: the number of boys with no education fell for 20 per cent approximately, while in case with girls there is a decrease for 30 per cent roughly.
The chart provides the information about the change in the amount of children, who don’t have an access to primary school education in twelve years period by sex and region.
Furthermore, these twelve year have witnessed a great downward trend, especially in Asia, where the quantity of girls without access to primary education has become four times less, and number of boys just about two times less.
At the first glance, it is obvious that in less economically developed regions children are more likely not to get a chance to go to school.
It was 43,7 millions of people.
Besides, in 2012 Africa did not lose its position and counted 32,7 millions of children without an education, which was still the biggest number by this time.
That number is 9,9 millions.
The biggest difference was noticed in South Asia in 2000, where twice more uneducated girls than boys and that variable was 21,6 millions.
It is obvious that all these transport can be as damaging for the nature, as planes do, or maybe ever more.
The most obvious change has occured in South Asia with a fall form 21,6 millions of girls and 11,1 millions of boys in 2000 to 4,8 and 5,1 millions correspondingly.
The number of girls without education reduced from 23,7 to 18,2 millions.
Also 5,5 millions more of african boys 2012 could have an opportunity to study than in 2000.
Some people claim that travelling by air leads to environmental problems, so governments should prohibit such an enormous amount of flights.
By reducing a huge amount of flights some really serious problems with transportation may occure.
As it can be seen from the bar chart, there was only approximately 10 millions of children without the access to education in 2012 in South Asia in comparison to about 35 millions in 2000 which means that there used to be almost 3,5 more children unable to enter school in 2000 than 2012.
Speaking about Africa, there was a slight improvement in decreasing the number of children with no access to primary schools: almost 5 millions more girls and just over 5 millions of boys were able to get education in 2012 results: the general number insignificantly decreased while boys and girls shares remained stable.
The bar chart illustrates changes in the amount of children without access to primary school education during the period of 13 years (2000-2012) by sex and region.
It has fallen by 18,2 millions girls and 14,5 millions boys in 2012.
The most dramatic change have happened in South Asia, where the fall in number of kids was approximately 26 millions: from 2000 to 2012.
This dynamic has resulted in the fact that South Asia has less children without chance to have primary school education that in the other regions.
There is a widely spread opinion that government structures should control the number of air travel by the power of law, but from my personal point of view it is not the most effective solution to this problem.
First of all, although it is true that in our time we have a huge amount of unnecessary air travel incidents, it could be very difficult to establish an international law that will control the number of flights.
The chart illustrates the amount of children, which are do not have an opportunity to get education in primary school from 2000 by gender and areas.
From the first glance, it is clear that Africa took the first place in the amount of children, which cannot be educated in primary schools.
That was only 10 millions.
The highest mark of the number of children without any primary education available was noticed in Africa with 20 millions of boys and 23,7 millions of girls, respectively, making for an insignificant difference between genders in 2000.
Both regions experienced a steady decrease of, approximately, 10 million adolescents over the period with the total of 33 millions and 15 millions for Africa and Rest of the World respectively.
My strong concern is that new regulations should be passed by authorities so as to out down on the amount of nonessential flights.
The greatest rise in the level of access happened in South Asia when approximately twenty three millions of children have got an opportunity to study.
For example, in South Asia the number of such boys was approximately two times bigger – almost twenty one and a half millions versus almost eleven millions.
They are ten millions of kids in Africa, eight millions – in the rest of the world and the most significant changes happened in South Asia where the gap redused for approximately twenty three millions of children.
As a lot of air travel is unnecessary, governments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure.
It has already been concluded by scientists that aircraft produces too much CO2 emissions and destroys our environment.
The graph illustrates the amount of children who do not have the opportunity, to go to school in a period of time from the year 2000 to 2012 by sex and geographic location.
So nearly 45 millions of children could not afford education in 2000 in Africa and more than half of that number is established by girls – 23,7 millions to 20 millions of boys.
This proportion is even more in the South Asia in the same year – 21,6 millions girls compared with 11,1 millions of young men.
In the rest of the world situation was the same in 2000 – 12,8 millions girls to 10,5 millions boys.
So, in South Asia and the rest of the world the proportion between uneducated boys and girls became almost the same at that time – 4,8 millions of girls to 5,1 millions boys and 7,6 millions of girls to 7,7 millions of boys.
All in all, we can see that the amount of uneducated children falls down each year and girls now have nearly the same opportunities for studying as boys do.
Shipping cargo and the passengers by airplanes leads to polluting the atmosphere and the raise of temperature all over the world, so must be taken laws for the reducing the number of air travel for business and tourism activities.
Carbon dioxide which is thrown in the atmosphere by planes causes global warming and ice melting and planes produce most of it, so less planes means less pollution.
They claim that for same undeveloped countries tourism is the only way of earning the money as for the businessman as for the government budget, so by these eco-laws the economics will crush in logistics, tourism and other sectors, but they forget that our planet’s resources are not timeless and now we face the problem of the existing of our environment which is more important than the economy.
However, this increase has then followed by a drop in 2013, when the percentage reached the number of 60%.
Although in the period of 2013-2015 Samsung's share of profits decreased more than twice to the number of 15%.
To understand this trend in a more deep way it is important to take a closer look at the reasons of this phenomena and at the possible problems in can cause.
Then, children feel not enough love and support from their parents and may unconsiously reproduce such family model in future, raising the generalizations of underloved individuals.
According to the chart, almost 24 and 20 millions of boys and girls in Africa did not have access to primary school education in 2000, whereas the number of children without primary education in South Asia was slightly more that 21 and 11 millions for girls and boys respectively in the same year.
Twelve years later this number declined by nearly 5 and 3 millions for girls and boys living in the rest of the world respectively.
On the other hand, in order to raise a child one needs to work as a lot of money is needed.
It is easy to see that in 2000 the biggest number of uneducated children held place in Africa with almost 45 millions of people, whilst in the rest of the world was the smallest with only 23 millions.
By the time passed the situation has dramaticaly changed for all of the given regions - the biggest difference seemed to be in South Asia as the number plummeted from 32 millions to 10, which was the lest result in 2012 in comparison to other places.
They are not so strict (as a rule) and a child may spend a lot of time in front of the tv or computer screen, which is badly for health.
To sum up, the main reasons why both of the parents work is the necessity to get money and a carreer willings.
For example, the transport systems work faster, so people are expected to move quicker and fulfill the huge amount of different tasks which also results in the lack of time to spend with family.
Overall, the situation on the global smartphone market tended to change many time but the leader company stayed the same.
Unfortunately, it affects their children as they do not have enough time for spending it on something else but work.
In 2012 there was a decrease by 5% in amount of boys not visiting primary schools and the same trend was observed for girls.
The most dramatic change was in south Asia where number of children without access to primary schools dropped from 32,7 millions to 9,9 millions and reached the lowest number.
To sum up I would like to note that air travel has to be reduced in order to improve ecological situation and first of all in the aim of government, because people are not consious enough and do not have enough power to make such serious decisions.
During this period it had had a little decrease from 43,7 millions to 32,7.
In the 2000 in South Asia number of children without primary education was also very high - 32,7 millions.
After 12 years situation has changed a lot and in the 2012 we can see equal quantity of boys and girls, total number was 9,9 millions.
In the Rest of World in the 2000 were 23,3 millions of such children and more girls than boys (12,8 with 10,5).
In the 2000 Africa had the biggest amount of non-educated children and Rest of the World - the lowest.
You couldn't travel to other part of the Earth not by plane, it will take you a lot of time, great part of your life.
The graph illustrates how the overall amount of children not able to get education in primary school and its ratio by genders in the three regions changed in 12 years.
The most succesful company, according to the graph, is Apple, which obtained 70% of smartphone profits in 2010 and then constantly rised it’s share in global amount of profits share slightly decreased due to the growing of Samsung’s share.
However, such choices lead to situations, when children do not spend enough time with their parents, and it causes following problems.
The number of male and female shoulb be equal in every subject in universities.
I agree with position about accepting equal numbers of male and female.
In conclusion, I would like to say that universities make right choise, when accept equal number of male and female in every subject, but it is not availible now, case of the general population of male and female is not the same.
The data below demontstrates the proportion of population among citizens of age 65 and over in Japan, Sweden and the United States during one handrend years (1940-2040).
Never the less, he amount of old citizens will slightly accrease in 2020'sand then it will comes to its peak of 25 percents in 2040.
To sum it up, I would like to say that the idea of acceptance the same amount of male students as a female in university seems to has no sense.
The graph presents data connected with the percentage estimation of amount of people of age 65 and more from three different countries in the selected period of time between 1940 and 2040.
Than amount of such people in the USA sharply rised up to 15% and then levelled off till 2020.
Nowadays, there is an urgent problem connected with the argument whether it is necessary for universities to allocate proportional amount of male and female students in every discipline.
In conclusion, I would like to emphasize that both man and woman should be able to choose their subject independly and the amount of people to every discipline by no means should be determined by universities.
Some people believe that there must be as much female students as male students in every subject.
In comporison with middle-ages, it could be said that women have as much rights as men, or even more.
However, they want more and more - in some countries women want to get as much places in government as men, or enforce universities to accept equal numbers of male and female students.
However, that doesn't mean that female students shouldn't be accepted for these courses - if they have enough knowledge and intention to study these subject why don't they be accepted?
To sum up, we can say that people in this countries become older and in the future there will be less young people and as a result it will be less people who can work in effective way.
The second argument may be that in such situation, when the amount of male and female students in every faculty is equal everybody will ful comfortable because there will not be a majority of girls, for instance, and it will be easier for everybody to communicate and find friends.
Some people claim that universities should accept equal amount of male and female students in every subject.
Inspite of this facts, graphic shows suggested tendency of dramut: cully increasing proportion for all of three countries.
Although I am convinced that manicind cannot tolerate with discrimination between genders, I suppose, that setting up the equal numbers of male and female in every subject is incorrect, because this approach would not take info account some important conditious and will lead to greater discrimination.
The graph shows difference between amount of 65 ages citizens in per cent from 1940 to 2040 in Japan, Sweden and USA.
Countries in 1940 included only 5-10% of old people (65 years and over); but recearchers suppose that amount of this people in population of countries will be about 20-30% to 2040.
The topic of difference between male and female in different spheres of studing is very important in modern world, because nowadays question of equal rights and opportunities is topical for large amount of people and organization.
Obviously, girls are able to take knowledge about this subjects but they cannot to work and use their knowledge in practice.
To sum up, the general idea of modern education is not equal amount of girls and boys but is iqual access to this education!
All in all the graph shows, that the amount of people aged 65 and over is not static between 1940 and 2040, it changes dramatically and in whole is going up.
As for me, it does not matter how many male or female students are in studying group, but it is clearly, that universities should offer equal amount of places for boys and girls.
Of course, there are several reason, why boys usually choose other kind of proffession, than girls.
The most amount of changes connected with proportion of population in Sweden.
I know there is a common opinion that the most amount of men are mathematics and think more logical, among of them there is a plenty of great scientist.
That's because men have much possibilities than women.
The percentage of population aged 65 and over in USA is guaducelly increasing during this 100 years like in Sweden.
As a result of this equality students lose their ability for competition.
What is more, population also need to be taken into account, as in some countries, the number of women prevaile.
The line graph gives an information about the amount of people over 65 years old basing on the statistic data of three countries: Japan, Sweden and the United States of America.
According to the graph, the amount of people from the presented age group in Japan steadily fell in the period from 1940 to 1985.
The amount of such people in the United States slightly increased from 9% to 15% in the period from 1940 to 1980.
Besides, it can be seen from the life, that men are good at one aspects and women are the best in other questions.
However, if was equal amount of male and female students, it can easy to work in pare.
Taking all these facts into consideration my conclusion is that equal number of male and female student in every subject is possible but there is no practical benefit.
The graph presents the changing of the amount of people aged 65 during a centure since 1940 till 2040 in Japan, Sweden and USA.
But should universities accept equal amount of boys and girls?
Less boys are interested in low, more girls become judges, lawyers, prosecutors etc.
First of all, population of this people in Japan was the most little from 1940 to 2030.
As aresult, we can name the same dinamic of increasing proportion of the population aged 65 and over in this countries.
This graph shows us, that qualer of the population is old people, and borning was decling or level of life in this countries was increasing.
There is opinion, that universities should have equal amount of male and female students in every subject in society.
For example, on low faculty, only girls like family law, and it is imposible to have equal numbers of male and female on this subject.
Secondly, to my mind, level of education doestn depend from equal amount of boys and girls.
There are a lot of wrong opinion about universities'es education in society, and this theory is one of them.
But some persons consider that the institutes should accept the equal amount of girls and boys in every faculty.
That's why these faculty accept only male.
To sum it up I can say that I completely agree with the statement that the universities should not accept the strong established member of students (equal amount of male and female).
The graph illustrates the amount of people aged 65 and under over the period of 100 years between 1940 and 2040.
After that numbers of Japan started to decline slowly.
Some people believe that equal amount of boys and girls should be accepted in every faculty.
In conclusion, I'd like to say that many menmanymindsbutI think that we should change education conditions in this way because today we have a lot of more serious problems to deal with.
Most students have enough free time to do this with no destroy of studing.
In 2040 the number of population aged 65 and over reached a peak.
Implementation of that requirement will not be effective and number of male and female student is unlikely to become equal in every subject.
The amount of elderly people living in Japan, Sweden and the USA in different years is given on the data presented.
Probably, such a suggestion is reffered by people to the point that the number of male in our population declines rapidly.
On my course, for instance, there is a great deal of girls than boys.
What is more, the government trough the universities cannot control an amount of people of each gender, studying definite subject.
So it could be unfair to accept equal numbers of male and female to study enjineering or programming.
It should be taken into qecunt that the situation when equal amount of girls and boys study one subject, what is the main issue, can never come true as it is impossible for state to regulate people's interests.
To start with, in the first 50 years (from 1940 to 1990) the changes of this proportions were rather similar in the USA and Sweden (both of them increased on =7%), while the same propotion in Japan fell (from 5% to 2,5%).
After that the percentage had various development in the all countries.
To begin with, I am in favour of such point of view that there is no neccesity in the establishing of this rules.
In each sector far less people after 50 have an intention to change the sphere where they work.
At this age, the children are still need a lot of time to play and they should use their time in primary school for it.
So that the elder people the less its number was working there as in 1998 as in 2006.
Besides that, the most noteworthy fact about 1998 is that in the dominant sector of education the biggest amount of employees were in a mature age and reach maximum in the baud of 45-56 years old, meanwhile as in all of her sectors the biggest amount of people accounted for the youngest or next young group by age.
In 2006 the amount of people engaged in the technology area soared in hundreds of times.
Thus it took a predominant position above all sectors referring to the first three age group and reached the maximum amount of employed people in the band of 26-35 years old.
I support the idea of that kids should begin learning foreign language as soon, as possible, because the faster they become familiar with a foreign language, the better they will know it in their future life.
Secondly, children at primary school have less problems than people in secondary school.
In building sector we can see the number of interested people are plummefed - in 1998 the amount of people from 26-35, who were involved in building was 79607 and in 2006 it becomes 46409 and we can notice this situation in every age.
Thirdly in technology we can see an extremely increasing the level of people that working in that areas was growing over 70 percent - 454375 people from 26 to 35, 19352 0 people from 56 to 65 and ofcourse young people - 187600.
In sectors hotel & catering and education the amount of workers are fluetuafed.
The number of this people are 21303 and the small group in this sector are people from 56 to 65 years, this fact illustrated that the small group in this sector from 1998 to 2006 years are people whose age group 56 years to 65 years.
On my opinion, when children start learning languages at primary school, they have more opportunities to develop their foregein skills than people who start learning foregein language at secondary school, because in secondary school children have a lot of home-work, than in primary and sometimes they don't want to learn foregein language.
But from the one hand, people who learn foregein language from primary school have a lot of positive fact, which they can use in their life, for example, they can read foregein books or magazines, watch foregein films.
There are not many different subject that are obligated to study by pupils and they may to spend more time for learning foreign language.
In conclusion, it should be said that there is no disadvantages of the chance to begin study foreign language earlier than in secondary school, because process of learning for children in the primarily school is more easier than in the secondary school, and, what is more, pupils in the primarily school have less subjects to study and consequently lot of time to study language.
To begin with the several trend are revealed by the graph.
In today's world of fierce competition people pay a lot of attention to the problem of children's education and development.
In secondary school they have much problems whith national language and other sudjects.
All in all, I think that learning forieng language is better in secondary school, than in primary, but, they need to learning both language in secondary school, because today people have globalization in all modern countries, which speak in many language.
This table presents us information about how much people of different age groups worked in different spheres of labour in the UK in 1998 and 2006.
The overall trend is that popularity of low-paid and requiring less skills work, as hotel or catering service and building fell steadily with growth of the age of employees both in 1998 and 2006.
Secondly, there is a tendenec to work 2 times less people in building area in the age from 18 to 35.
So, the begin time of study a second language is first of all question of parents, but teachers can also have a responsibility of these decision.
Some can do some think (as a learning a lot of new information by heart) and some couldn't.
The fewest number of people from 56 to 65 year works in technology.
We can argue that the reason is the old age and few energy for working.
What are this problems?
Skilled vocational diploma is the group with the biggest amount of men.
Finally, as can be seemed from the chart, amount of men, as a rule, more then amount of women in post-school qualification.
Nowadays there are many talants in all breanches of art, but all of this talanted people introduce themselfe in thair own way.
On the second place is postgraduate diplome and the amount of men who decided to get it is 70%.
However, there exists two types of education, where amount of women exceeded amount of men.
For many centuries art was an important part of our life.
Twice higher number of man have this in comparison with woman.
The next popular positions from men were postgraduates and master's degree, which percent were more than a half, but this qualifications were less popular from women and were not more than 50%.
Whereas, arts and crafts are gave enjoy for people around the world and gave many thing in national or world's culture.
In comparison with classic art, modern ideas links this politican, economic and life's problems.
There are many difference opinions about this works.
This essay will eximene different points of view on the free art and my opinion on the these theme.
The bar chart compares the numbers of popularity between males and fe-males whose chose the different directions in their profession in 1999 in Australia.
This figure is more than twice higher than the amount of males who decided to have a undergraduate diploma.
The number of man who chose a bachelor's degree was at about 45%.
It was an undergraduate diploma, at just over 70%, unlike the amount of women who chose a bachelor's degree, at nearly 55%.
On the other hands the smallest amount of women took skilled vocation diploma, it accounted for 10 percent.
And less men that women chose undergraduate diploma, it was about 38 percent.
In oppozite about 70% of women took Undergraduate diploma, and just 40 percent of men hold this qualifications.
It may be said that the Bachelor's degree has almost the same amount of females and males, but only has percentage of women little bit higher than men.
Others post school qualifications have a great amount of men a little level of women.
Their pictures may not be clearly understanded but all visitors can fell the energy of this works.
There is the proportion of male and female who held this qualifications in 1999.
Despite these fact, the amount of females with the vocational diploma is dramatic smaller then the mens.
The amount of people who have a higher degree of education is slightly smaller.
But in the same time the postgraduate diploma have only 30%, while these number among the men is accounted for 70%.
As can be seen from the chart most number of female held undergraduate diploma and this accounted of 70 percent but males held skilled vocational diploma.
According to bar chart the large amount of males held skilled vocational diploma.
We can understud it, because the post-schoot who give this degrees have the much little date percentage in the chart.
As can be seen from bar chart the skilled vocational diploma had the least percentages of females and a mere 10 per cent.
They think that this people can make unsosiate picture, music and films.
This ideas can take children more nervous and angree.
People who write music, make films must do the big job, this people find information and analist for people and peoples.
However, this people make sosiaty ideas, but sometimes this ideas do not friendly for sosiate ruls, but this ideas is not bad or good this things (music, cinema, picture) is different.
This ideas can be normally in the future.
As can been seen from the bar chart the highest number of female had such qualification as undergraduate diploma, about 70 per cent.
The Bachelor's degree and the Master's degree were got by less amount of women, about 40 and 55 per cent.
The bar chart presents various levels qualification of school in Australia and the proportion of male and female in 1999.
In 1999 amount of women skilled vocational diploma was 10 per cent.
Overall, this people, such have diffent ideas, for example: actors, urter, writer, sculptor.
The govenment don't take control on this people, because it might become terrible situatichs.
That make good environment for tipical creative people, let should don't touch they and give this people more spaces for various creative something.
They want doing that they want, because this people have mind, that distinguishes from mind of usual people, very unusual and emotional and the government schould let them to express their desires.
The majority amount of men chose the skilled vocational diploma.
The less amount of females wanted have skilled vocational diploma.
A lot of artist be nowaday.
A lot of information which tought bad things.
I think that goverment must controled this procces.
Much things can do the goverment.
Because only professor in this areas can choose those idea, which will be corectly.
The chart presentets how many woman and men have different a revelations education in Australia.
As we see from the graph the biggest amount of femails hold undergraduate diploma around 70%, meanwhile the highest percentage of mails chose skilled vocational diploma near 92%.
According to the chart the amount of femails was falling in percentage from bachelor's degree, then to master's degree, lower to postgraduate.
This people often have creative ideas and they want to show them.
Sometimes this ideas are not normal for other people.
In contrast, only 10% of women chosen this qualifications.
The presentage of women who had a postgraduate diploma accounted half of the presentage of men In conc conclusion, the majority of men had a skilled vocational diplomar, meanwhile the less women had it.
One people think, that creative people should not have any restrictions.
sometime political situation is the reason of many censorship.
On the second place is postgraduate diploma which held 20% less men than previous group.
And this figures are undergraduate diploma.
This people becomes very interesting, imaizing and wonderfull and people whants to be like him.
This people are very bad exampels for children and for the adults too.
And today the goverment nothing to do to stop this artists.
And the governement should to use any restrictions for this people.
We have many nice artist who did or do strange things, but people love them.
In conclusion, I want to say that I agree with people who want to bound their children and themselfs from this strange artists.
Females had the least level in this qualifications, it was about 10%.
In this essay I will analyse other aspects of this fenomen and releasing of goverment to this challenge.
And now when we have more right of freedom and less censors we feel better.
As every problematic question which raises such a huge discussions has at least two positions of view and lots of argumentation behind them.
Thus, owing to this quotes adjustement there would be a kind of discrimination, when women could easily enter a university and men - could not.
One of the most significant of them is that it is much easier to create a family, when there is an equal amount of male and female students at the one destination.
To achieve this goals, a lot of women want to study in the universities.
To my mind, of course it is better when in class there are the equal numbers of male and female, because it helps then to know each other better.
Another obvious fact is that the amount of men holding skilled vocational diploma hugely overtakes the number of women: about 90% for men and 10% for women.
Some people consider that equal numbers of male and female student should be accept in universities.
On the other hand, equal numbers of male and female in every subject cannot be accept by universities.
However, it is fluctuabive during the entire period, the amount of people of given age grow from about 7% in 1940 to 26% in 2040.
Secondly, it is always difficult to organize some student's events without having both boys and girls of the enough amount, the tasks in such situation are given for each persons to use this human's potential and characteristics.
If we have to accept equal numbers of male and female students in every subject it will to a lot of harm to this scientific and practical approach to studying these subjects.
The largest amount of males had skilled vocational diploma and it consist of 85%.
First one contents London, Paris and Tokyo where subway is widely used by passangers.
The most actively used underground railway station are located in Paris and Tokyo due to the fact that the amount of passengers in quite huge while their lenght are hot the biggest.
For example, musicians who are like to become great professionals but do not pay enough attention to rehearsals often do not show stellar results.
However, it's passenger density is not the biggest and it is less than half of the same parameter of Tokyo, where the number of passengers per year reaches 1927 millions.
The city of Koyoto seems to be an outsider it this comparison, as it has only 11 kilometers of tracks and, on average, no more than 45 million passengers of this means of transport between European countries and United States of America.
I sleek to the opinion of Jean-Paul Surtre and this ideas about existenuanneleum, which are absolutely opposite to the ones, introduced by Zigmund Freid.
The shortest subway system out of this cities is a Kyoto subway system.
At the same time the Washington DC subway system which was opened in 1976 with almost the same lenght of route as in Tokyo (126 kilometres compared to 155 kilometres) had more then 10 times less passengers a year( 144 million compared to 1927 million)It is a matter of common knowledge that trough out our life we face different life experiences: both positive and negative.
But it takes a lot of time to works in order to form your personality.
Overall, we can see that the newest undegrounds are shorter in kilometers of route and less citizens use them compared to railway systems which were built before 1981.
According to the table, the longest underground which is situated in London, while the most popular one is Tokyo metro if we take figure 1927 millions of people who use it during the year.
And the second city where the metro is also very popular is Paris where the amount of passengers reaches up to 1191 mil.
It is clear, that Kyoto and Los Angeles undegrounds railways system are the newest ones and so their kilometers of route are only 11 km and 28 km and amounts of passengers are 45 and 50 millions during one year.
As a result, less people today use the undegrounds which were built recently, preferring other kindes of transport.
Furthermore, despite the fact that in Tokyo underground system has only 155 kilometeres of route the amount of passengers is a bout 2000 millions.
In Koyoto and Los Angeles only 45 and 50 millions people use underground railways.
Next column shows the amount of kilometres of rate.
But unfortunately underground of London is not the most popular because the biggest amount of visitors (1927) has underground of Tokyo.
we didn't have personality at those moment.
We can see strong differences between Tokyo where is the amount of passengers is 1927 persons, however, in Koyoto is less in several times.
To sun up, the table shows that kilometres of route and the amount of passengers per year depend on date opened of railway system in every city.
As for Koyoto and Los Angeles, they were opened later and have much less kilometres of route.
Seconly, the maximum amount of passengers per year was in Tokyo (1927 million), compared to Koyoto, where this indicator reached the lowest number of 45 million.
Supporters of this they consider that only 20% of person's personality depends on his parents one and the child can inherit only some of their characteristics .
The biggest amount of visitors in Tokyo's underground railway system.
the smallest amount of passengers is in Koyoto and Los Angeles, 45 and 50 millions of visitors in the year.
These towns have more passengers in the year than other towns and have huge amount of kilometres of route.
To begin with, the little children, who was born one week ago or one month ago have different behaviours, they don't have any experiences in this periods of their lifes.
The underground route in London is by for the longest, while Tokyo subway provides the highest amount of oassengers by transport per year.
The first subway was opened in London in 1863, were 394 kilometres in route and was I pushed by 775 millions of people per year.
Tokyo railway, opened in 1927, was only 155 kilometres on route but, compare to previous system, helped to travel to almost 2000 millions passengers.
The Washington Dc system, opened in 1976, was 126 km in distance and had only 144 millions of passengers every year.
For Los Angeles figures were slightly better: 23 kilometres of route and 50 millions of people, using transport per year.
Overall, summarizing all the dats given, it is obvious that underground systems, founded between the second half of the 19th century and the first half of 20th centery, had more significant transport characteristics and until today may provide transport provide successful transportation for larger amounts of people, than much younger subways, founded in the last three decades of the 20th centuryNowadays many people are in a serious concern about their self-development and personal qualities.
In 3 of this catigories we can see a tendencee that there are more men than women (skilled vocational, postgraduate, and master's).
Secondly the table shows that Tokyo metro is much smaller and lower development than metro in London, but it takes 1927 millions passenger per year and this is because of in Tokyo population is much higher than in London .
However in the same time Washington DC metro has particularly the same size with Tokyo metro, but there are not so much passengers, Tokyo metro is really over crowded.
Though Paris and Tokyo underground railway system carry so much passengers every year their length is still around 2 times less than the one in London.
Talking about the amount of passengers per year I can say that it is not too big, in comparison with the amount in Tokyo.
We can see that the shorted route is in Koyoto, the length is just 11 kilometres and the amount of passengers is also the smallest there - just 45 millions per year.
I can also mention, that the underground system of Los Angeles, which is the youngest (it was opened just in 2002) is quite longer than Koyoto's system and has 28 kilometres of route, and the amount of passengers per year is 5 millions bigger.
It is notable to see that the majority of these underground railway system opened in a previous century except the subway systems in London (XIX century) and Los Angeles (XXI century).
The biggest amount of passengers in 1927 million people per year use Tokyo system, which is just 155 kilometres long.
Generally, all these cities provide 913 kilometres of route overall, and at the same time they are being able to service 4132 millions passengers per year.
However, the biggest capacity of railway system is Tokyo's - it is able to serve 1927 millions of passengers - while providing only 155 kilometres of railway.
Compared to the nearest competitor of Tokyo, - Paris, - the difference between the lenght of territory covevet with railways is 44 kilometres, but the difference in capacity of it is 726 millions passengers per year.
The most overcrowded subway system is located in Tokyo which is visited by 1927 millions people per year.
It is noticeable, that two underground railway systems which opened later that the cities service the least amount of passengers per year.
On contrary, the most significant amount of passengers is registered in Paris and Tokyo with 1191 and 1927 million of passengers per year respectively.
It is noticeable that even the oldest underground railway system, which emerged in London in 1863, has not researched such a high amount of passengers.
The highest rate of passengers per year is in Tokyo: about 1927 millions peoples on the 155 kilometres of route.
The next is London underground sistem which is also known as "tube" with 775 millions of passengers.
Then the huge gap, the Washington DC under ground system with 144 millions of passengers per year and quite long comparins to others 176 km route.
After route in LA with only 50 millions of passengers per year and 28 kilometres of route.
The smallest rate of passengers in Kyoto, about 45 millions per years with humble 11 km route.
The first underground railway system opened was in London at the year of 1863 and it has the biggest amount of kilometres of route (394 kilometres), but it has only 775 million passengers per year, it is more thane twice less than in Tokyo, wich has 1927 millions, on enormous number.
Thirst of all, we can that subway in London was opened in 1863, was 394 kilometres of route and 775 millions passengers per year.
Every year 1192 millions people use the underground there.
Then goes Kyoto where underground was opened in 1927, was 155 kilometres of route and 1927 millions passengers per year.
On the other hand, it's really cool if you was borned with much good characteristics.
It is 394 kilometres of route what is 383 kilometres longer than in Kyoto, where the amount of passangers per year among given cities is the smallest, only 45 millions people.
It is clear from the table that to minimal amount of passengers per year is in Kyoto and in Los Angeles where it is higher on the 5 millions only.
The maximum volume of people using underground railway system is in Tokyo, 1927 millions per year.
Close to this numb is Paris where it is 1191 millions of passengers.
As a consequence, they will feel themselves better if one women works not only with many decades of men, but with some women too.
To same extend I can agree that we have equal numbers of male and female in certain subject, but I believe that it is not be a main factor in acception.
Nowadays there are many various rules, which are established in universities for getting more use from modern education in developing countries and the number of students with various subject in the university are for higher but the major factor is equal demand in the field of different subjects.
It is rather difficult to divide the amount of students in equal proportions.
Japanese population aged 65 and over starts with 5 percent from hole amount of people in the 1940.
Because of that persons will have bad mood and live not as long as they have to.
The provided bar chart indicates various levels of post-school achevements in a number of different diploma and degrees of Australian males and females based on data which was collected fifteen years ago.
In today's world of great amount of opportunities, rights and freedom it is important to save a person from bad influence in different spheres of life.
This arguments suppose that if we have more sports facilities in our cities, our children and public health will be better.
This sollution can improve public health and decline the number of carbon dioxide in air.
Some people consider that increasing amount of sports facilities is the greatest way to improve the health of society.
For example, if children spend a lot of their free time outdoors, they will be stronger.
It is widely believed that the total amount of sport centres and organisations determines the level of public health and the most efficient way to increase it is to develop the system of sport in a country.
Speaking about population with average age (15-59 years), it can be noticed that the persentage in Yemen will rise from 43,3% to 57,3%, while there will be an opposite situation in Italy because the amount of people aged 15-59 will decline from 61,6% to 46,2%.
It is known that all this products have a bad affect on vital parts of our organism.
It cannot be denied that nowadays less and less people are interested in sport.
For example, in my native town there are very few places where you can do sports, but there a big deal of cinemas, department stores and so on.
If you want to do some sport you need a lot of money.
Therefore there are many view to improve public health.
In contrast, another people believe that only sport will not give enough effect on improvement of public health, so it requires other measures to do this.
An amount of 60+ year old residents was eight times smaller in Yemen rather than in Italy.
What is more, the amount of elder Yemen citizens slightly increased at 2,1 per cent.
To sum up, the rise in amount of sports centres will not change the current situation unless people will understand the importance of healthy lifestyle and find a true desire in themselves to work out.
For example, in my country, literature, massmedia provides a lot of information to make our life healthier.
So this charts shows big difference between population of Italy and Yemen and makes projections of changes in it's populations next 50 years.
This pie charts below are used to depickt the number of people lived in Yemen and Italy and predictions of the population for 2050.
In this case some people say that the sport opportunities should be rised to solve this problems.
However, another group of people supportes the view that this actions would not be very effective.
For example, we can improve immunitet and lose weight by practicing simple exercises, dancing or going to jim, but if we don't pay enough attention for this problem they cause more serious deseases like insult.
The most difference between 2000 and 2050 years is that amount of people in the age 15-59 years will increase on a 1/3 of population these age in 2000.
There are two different points of view on a problem related improving human's health by increasing the amount of sports centres.
People, who support this idea believe that with increasing amount of sports facilities will lead to improving human's health.
This diagrams shows us the information on the ages of two different countrys: Italy and Yemen in 2000 and predictions for 2050.
For example, a poor student studys in big city in the university, he has no money to visit fitness centre, but he has enough money to buy healthy food.
Also, modern medecine is very powerful and because of this people can live more than people from the past.
Extra polating from that some people state that by increasing the number of sport facilities goverment will automaticly improve public health.
It is stated that the society is not at all characterized by having high demand for sport activities; and as it is not (as belived by a number of people) by increasing the number of sport facilities goverment wouldn't achive much.
As to the prejections for Yemen, the number of middle-aged population might grow for about 11 percent, the growth will also be noticed for older people, while the amount of people of 14 years old and younger will decline for 13 percents speaking about Italy, the biggest changes might happen for groups of people of 15-59 and 60 and more years old, their percentage will become 46,2 percents and 42,3 percents respectively.
For example, it can be rising number of healthy food in shops and restaurants.
What is more, the amount of youngsters in Yemen will go down and will be only 37,0%.
It can be because of the lack of the free time, enough money to pay for fitness clubs or gyms, or, perhaps, because of lazyness.
Finally, nevertheless different changes in populations, which can appear according to predictions for 2050, it will right to say that whole population will become older, there will be less teenagers and more old people.
Nowadays with modern conditions of life including polluted air, water, fast pace of life and too much fastfood people need to think a lot about their health and take some measures.
However, some individuals suppose that the increased number of facilities is not the sufficient decision enough to be taken.
As we can see, the amount of people from 0 to 14 years in Yemen in 2000 was the most big - about 50,1%.
The amount of children from 0 to 14 years was less than in Yemen - 14,3%.
The amount of Yemen's people from 60 years in 2050 will less than amount of Italy's people of the same age: 5,7% against 42,3%.
Nevertheless, I suppose that if the government will build a lot of sports gym with swimming pools, table tennis, baskets, fields for golf and so on, people will visit gyms with pleasure a lot of times.
Information on changes of Yemen and Italy has opposite character: in Yemen amount of middle age people rises while in Italy it decreases.
Other think that it isn't so important and if you waste a lot of time in sport centers you will not like more years.
The amount of people in 14 years old and younger is 24,1%.
Nowadays there exists a great amount of opportunities to increase healthcare level in the country.
On the contrary, this solution can have little impact on people health as a great amount of people does not involved not only in sports, but even simple physical activities.
The prediction for 2050 is that the number of mature population would be decreased.
What's about the projections, the charts show us, that in Yemen there will be less children from to 0 to 14 years (37%), but more people, who are 15-59 years (57,3% comparing to the previous 46,3%) and more aged people (60+ years - 5,7%).
And the amount of children (0-14 years) will become a little bit less (from 14,3% to 11,5%).
In this case, a great amount of sports facilities will not help.
It means, that people of this kinds need other measures to improve their health.
All pie charts show the data about the amount of people of different ages in Yemen and Italy.
To compare with projections for 2050 it is obvious that the amount of children will dramaticly reduce.
As for future situation, it is illustrated that the amount of middle-ages people will sharply fall down to 46,2 percent.
On the one hand, increasing the amount of sports facilities, perhaps, will lead to a lot of people begin to do sports and improve their health.
While in Yemen this numbers stay almost the sameHealth problems has always been an issue in out 21st century.
The amount of old people will raise steady.
The amount of children will decline gradually.
In 2050 the amount of 15-59 years old will significantly decrease by 15,4%.
In fact, the amount of old residents (60+) in Yemen is 3,6% and 24,1% in Italy.
The increasement of this indicators are expected for Italy and Yemen in 2050 to 42,3% and 5,7%, relatively.
To sum up, it might be observed the similar tendention for both countries: the growth of amount of 60+ years people and the decrease of amount of children are expected in 2050.
According to this hot-potato problems effective measures need to be handed urgently up.
On the other hand, the main argument used against this point of view is that only few people will be able to spend enough money to go to the highly-costed gym.
The majority of people are sure that the amount of healthier residents will grow if there are available sport opportunities.
Thus, some cources and experiences can be regarded as a step in the right direction, though this all methods can be senseless.
It was built in 1863, It also posseses the largest amount of kilometres of route (394).
Tokyo's underground system is standing out as the one that transports the greatest amount of passengers per year (1927 millions).
Washington DC holds the middle position in the list, while the newest railway systems that are located in Kyoto and Los Angeles are the least developed n terms of kilometres of route and the amount of people served.
Although, the number of passengers of London's Railway Station per year is only a third part of the amount of passangers of Tokyo's Railway System (775 millions to 1927).
However, both of Railways have the same amount of passengers per year (45 and 50).
The most visited underground, as we may guess, is in Tokyo, about 1927 millions people use it per year.
Paris leads here too with 1191 millions visitors.
Generally, we can see that numbers, which give us statistics are not alike among this megapolises.
On this table cities are put from first opened underground to last one.
Besides, London have the biggest amount of kilometres of route, which is 394, but the biggest amount of per year passengers are in Paris and Tokyo (1191 and 1927 millions), when capital of Great Britain has just 775 millions.
The subway, which is used the least, is Kyoto's one (45 millions passengers a year), because this city is the smallest and not interesting for tourists.
Very interesting, that such a big city, like Los Angeles, have for equal number, as in Kyoto (45 millions), maybe because of short route, which is 28 and it's subway was open just 13 years ago, so it should become bigger in future.
Every person has chance to make choice, so for much children it is follow their parent's example or not.
The striking feature is that while Los Angeles route is twice as long as Kyoto route it carries almost the same amount of people (45 mill.
The greatest number of passangers per year belong to Tokyo (1927 millions).
In contrast Kyoto and Los Angeles have at least 45/50 millions of people accordingly.
Moreover, underground railway systems of 3 cities have the biggest amount of people per year.
The given information shows that this systems differ absolutely from each other.
Every year 775 millions passengers use this underground.
There are 50 millions passengers travelling by it.
The number of passengers using it is extreamly little, it reaches just 45 millions.
Generally speaking, there's a noticeable connection between the size of the city and the amount of passengers per year.
Los Angeles subway is the "youngest " one, it began working only in 2001 having only 28 kilometers route and providing rides only for 50 millions passengers per year.
Los Angeles would be the shortes subwaybut we shouldn't forget about Kyoto's subway is the shortest one providing only 11 kilometres of route and serving 45 millions passengers per year.
This graphs shows the information of underground railway system of some popular cities in the world.
Remarkable, that the Tokyo metro isn't the largest one but it has the biggest quantity of peopleand it's about 1927 millions.
And the least quantity of people in Kyoto and it's about 45 millions.
This skills like our guides in life because they set up our wishes and our future.
This skills are your gift from life, maybe even it is a legacy of your ancestors so you can't avoid it.
The biggest number of passangers per year is in Tokyo with 1927 millions people per year.
The lest number is in the shortest URS, in Kyoto, with 45 millions per year.
Other numbers are: 50, 144, 775 and 1191 millions per year in LA, Washington DC, London and Paris.
They have thouse features, those specification because their parent, their grandparents, their friends and neighbours, so, all Italians have them.
In contrast, the amount of passengers per year seems to be not so strictly connected with opening date and kilometres of route.
Meanwhile, the railway system in Washington DC is 29 kilometres shorter it has less than 10% of Washington's amount of passengers.
Also it can be noticed that only for Kyoto and Los Angeles a link between kilometres of route and the amount of passengers seems to be positive and comparable.
It reaches 1927 millions of passengers for year in Tokyo, and 1191 millions for Paris, while the passengers' number in Kyoto is 45 millions, Also, it is noticable that Londons' subway was built in 1863 and Los Angeles underground was built in 2001.
Overall, there is a common trend that the younger railway system is, the less kilometres of route it has.
The most significant feature in the graph passengers per year is 1927 millions of people in Tokyo.
The amount of passengers per year in Washington DC and London differs in the same proportion as kilometres of route.
The newest railway systems have the least kilometres of route and the flow of passengers.
However, if invests not so much in our development.
The main trend is that majority of cities have more than 100 kilometres of railway and more than 100 millions passenger per year.
Also the glow of passangers is more than 100 millions people (except Kyoto and Los Angeles), and the long of railways a more than 100 kilometres (except Kyoto and Los Angeles).
But a lot of scientist say that we all born with a different abilities, that's why we haven't equal opportunity to develop.
To sum up, I can mention that both this points of way can exist and it's very hard to find same diferent between "natural" ex perience and live experience.
Overall, Tokyo has the biggest passenger per year indicator, with the number of 1927 millions.
Despite the fact that London subway is the biggest one, there are just 775 millions passangers per year, and this is just the third indicator.
The table shows the kilometres of underground railway routs and the amount of passengers per year in six cities.
The largest amount of people is in Tokyo and in Paris, just 1927 and 1191 million people.
These table consists four blocks, which are: the name of the city, a date, when the underground railway was founded, the amount of the kilometer of route and the last but not the bast one is a quantity of people using the railway.
and it is not a huge one yet and little amount of people uses it (comparing to Paris, for example), what may be caused by its length.
Speaking about newer underground railway systems, it is noticable they have considerably less passengers per year with 144 millions in Washington DC, 45 millions in Kyoto and 50 millions in Los Angeles.
The table illustrates spreading the railway stations between different cities, also the amount of passengers and lenght of distance.
By contrast, Kyoto's route has been constructed lately in 1981 and it had the lowest place for another inducators like the amount of passengers and kilometres of the route.
Moreover, Tokyo's underground railway station was the biggest one as it could take abroad nearly 2 millions people every year.
And finally, Los Angeles's railway station has been opened in 2001 and it had one of the shortest lenght of route and it could take just 50 millions of passangers, which cannot be considered as a great amount.
To sum up, the lenght of route and the amount of passengers do not depend on each other.
Productivity of Tokyo railway system is very impressive because it services about 2 billions passengers per year.
Friends, environment, family, different situations in life and many another factors influence on our body and mind much more than borned characteristics.
Kyoto has less people than other subways, it is only 45 m.
Because during the period of socialization this features can be transformed by ourselves if we want.
The underground, which have the most number of passengers per year is in Tokyo with 1927 millions per year.
The underground, which have the least number of passengers per year is in Kyoto and Los Angeles, with 45 and 50 millions per year.
In my essay I would like to see this two opinions.
In the childhood we have a lot of face to face conversations and we spend a lot of time with them, because of this, parents opinions and characteristics have much influence.
On the other hand experience we may have in our life is important too, because in adult we learn, how to tell with different people and of course this conversations affect on our mindset and our character.
To my mind, lots of characteristics we take in conversation with people, with different people, with other mindset and, of coure their opininion affect on us.
And I think, that this two things are wery important in our life.
The average position is held by the underground railway system of Washington DC cause it was constructed in 1976, it has the middle amount of kilometres of route (126) and it is visited by 144 passengers per year.
The table provides the information about six underground railway systems, dates when they were opened, the length of them and about the amount of people who use them.
The amount of passengers visit London underground is less and reach 775 millions per year.
The railway systems in Kyoto and Los Angeles are less visited and 45 millions and 50 millions of passengers visit them according to the annual dates.
The Washington DC railway system is visited by 144 millions passengers per year.
Only 45 millions of people use Kyoto's metro every year, because its small Japanese town.
On the other hand is Tokyo also situated in Japan but it is big megapolise with the 1927 millions of people.
The underground railway systems in Paris and Tokyo has the close numbers of length and passenger capacity per year.
Such fact can be describe by the different social-economic role of this cities in country.
A stark feature is that London system was prolonged to 394 kilometres, which is two times more than the length of system in Paris, which route has the biggest amount of kilometres among others.
For example, in order to prove differences of the way we think it can be mentioned that people of negroid race in average have smaller amount of IQ-test points.
The railway sistem in this citys differ, the lenght is different the longest railway system is in London, compare to Kyoto have only 11 kilometres of route.
For instance, Tokyo railway have 155 kilometres but passengers per year 1927 millions.
Paris railway is longer then Tokyo but the amont of passengers per year in 1192 millions.
The longest underground railway sistem is in London it has 394 kilometres of route, but passengers per year only 775 millions, compare to Paris railway it is shorter, but the amount of passengers per year is basicly more.
Of cause big amount of qualities of persons caracter 'goes' from family, relationship between each other and ofcause attitude in public.
The cities, where railway system was opened later, have less kilometers of route For example, most old underground systems in London contains almost 400 kilometers of route.
Overall, size of railway accords to date of opened, but number of passengers date and kilometers of route do not effect.
It has 1191 millions passengers per year and the six place takes Kyoto with 45 passengers.
Of course given features matter a lotbut there's always many way to agnire different skills that complete a man.
By this date amount of people increased but after it started to fall dramatically by only 50 million per year in Los Angeles, wher subway was opened in 2001.
One can just pass state exams, send results to the university, that he or she wants to attend, and wait about one or two months.
And in 2040 Japan will have the most high level of population people those item.
Is it a problem of the university, that there a lot of male students in this subject and a lot of female student in the another.
As for me there are no problem that there are less boys on my facultie.
In 1940 the amount of people older than 65 was about 8-8%, but then it begins to increase and in 1980 it gets the 15% and in 2040 it may be approximately 24%.
In these case many universities think about the idea to make concrete number of male and female students to avoid this problem.
And concrete number of male and female could help universities to make a great professionals.
If males or females do not have enough access to study a particular subject, they will not get concrete jobs as they will not have necessary skills.
It is necessary to provide the students of both sexes with an equal amount of places on each faculty, or can some certain gender traits have an impact on that proportion?
According to me, the number of male and female student on every subject should be the same, and I would like to explain my opinion.
There is an opinion, that every subject in the university should be studied by an equal amount of males and females.
There is an opinion that universities should control the amount of students of both sexes.
However, I stick to the opinion that this measures should not be done.
So, the amount of female and male school graduants enterening universities are not the same.
For this reason making groups of the same amount of young men and women can turn out to be extreamly hard and highly unlikely to be realised.
We can say that in Japan between 1940 and 2030 less people lived to aged 65.
The graph below provides data on amount of people, who are older than 65 ages in Japan, Sweeden and USA from 1940 to 2040.
In 1940 the lowest number of longuify was shown in Japan, there were only 5 percent of population, who reached 65, while graph predicts a huge rise in this country after 2020.
Overall, the amount of old people in Sweeden rises too, but there were small declines in tendency.
Nowadays, one of the most controversial issues which causes a significant amount of public debates is gender separation in different subjects.
Some people believe that there are should be equal amount of males and females in every classes, while others maintain that gender does not relate to study.
The amount of old people in the USA in the beginning of the period was 9%.
There is an idea that the amount of girls and boys in a university group should be equal.
If we try to make an equal amount of both genders, it will mean that all of them will be good at the same subject.
On the other hand, an equal amount of boys and girls in university more confident and friendly atmosphere.
If universities restrict the number of female student than some of them will not have a chance just because there were not enough male applicants.
Nowadays, in academic world, it is one of the most common questions, should be there equal amount of both male and female students?
Moreover, with last one handreed years women proofed that thaey can work anywhere, not only as nurses or teachers but also as policeman, taxidriver, or even builder.
On the other hand, even equal amount of studt places for every subject for man and woman can lead to disturbing atmosphere in classes.
So, getting equal number of man and woman to every faculty may mean that talanted man or woman can have no study place and may be forced to choose another profession which is not suitable for him or her.
This graph illustrates the number of the population aged 65 and over between 1940 and 2040 in Japan, Sweden and USA.
The overall amount of old people is growing in all these countries.
Sweden's amount of old people was somewhere at 7 percent in 1940 and then the numbers shared the same tendencies an USA's, while remaining behind up untill the middle of 1980 - 2000, when the number rise suddenly and live USA behind.
Japan, starting at 5 percent lost the amount of old people to nearly 3 percent by 1960.
All the universities should allow the same amount of males and females to enter.
First of all, allowing the same amount of teenagers of both genders to enter the same university is good for the reputation of that university.
Secondly, having the same amount of male and female students makes it comfortable for the both groups of the student to study and express themxelves, which is not only good for educational purposes, but is once again good for the university's popularity.
Making them participate in same kind of activities makes them more confident ad further improve their communication skills, which is also… Thirdly, but not less importanly having the same amount of male and female students gives them freedom to express themselves, while adding a competitive aspect to studying, which streamlines the process of gaining knowledge, making it more effective, while adding incentive for all students to participate.
To sum up, universitis, which accept equal amount of male and female students only gain points to popularity and efficiency, while leaving behind the thoughts about the difference in approach, when studying students of different genders.
Of course, there is a process nowadays that changes these roles, but it is still going on and right now the situation when universities accept equal numbers of male and female in every subject is impossible.
Amount of 65 aged people was the similar only in 1940-s, since then number of over 65 aged persons grown in USA and Sweden from 5-10% to 15% to 80-s but population on old men went down in Japan from 5% to 3% in the same period.
Some people are confident that universities have to take the same amount of men and women to each subject or faculty in oder to share ideals of tolerance in the all over the world.
In Japan population there was a slight fall between 1940 and 1960 after which the amount of people of this country stayed stable for more than 20 years.
There is an opinion that universities should provide the same amount of places for female and male graduates in each subject.
The main argument against the universities, which want to take the equal amount of students of both sexes, is that different job suits different sex.
So for fashion and design faculeities there is no benefit to provide places for both, males and females, just because there would be not enough amount of male students.
So in these case students, who want to study this faculcity would not pass, only because there are already too many people of his sex.
It'll stop at 10 percent of age group in Japan, after this scientists believe that prolortion will rapidly increase from 10 percent to 26 percent for last ten years.
The most striking feature of the graph is an increase in numbers of Japan's population after 2020.
First of all, such spheres like ingeneering or informatics are very complicated for women, and more less women than men want to study them.
To sum up, I'd love to say that this projects opens and absolutely new, tolerant level of education which is very important for all countries, especially those where men and women don't have the same rights.
Finally USA line as others represent a major tend but with a great amount of plateau places (from 1980 to 2020; between 1940 and 1960 we also see very little progress).
Secondly, if in universities will be equal number of student of the both genders it will help to built a new ground: more and more people start to think that there is nothing wrong in it.
Should universities have the same amount of numbers of male and female student in every subject or not?
So, the amount of male and female students in your group will be the last thing you will think about in this situation.
So, it is rare to see a lot of boys during the time of that subjects.
Nevertherless, some people think that the acception of male and female with the equal amount is very importauant for communication between that groups.
On the graphic we can see an amount of people aged 65 and over from 1940 to 2040 in Japan, Sweden and USA.
The main reasons for this confidence is the amount of bright, strong and smart women in human history from Sapho to Itmanda Palmer.
Different faculties have different numbers of make and female students.
Many people think that the amount of girls and boys in university for each subject should be the same.
On the other hand, universities should not care about numbers of male and female.
The graph illustrates the amount of people 65 years old and over between 1940 and 2040 in Japan, Sweden and the USA.
It is expected that the amount of people, who are over 65 years, will reach a peak in 2040.
The amount of people over 65 was rising between 1940 and the end of 1970s.
The question of gender uneqality is widely discussed in modern society and fairly attracts a lot of attention.
Obviously in the field of tolerance to gender differences are still an enourmous amount of things to do.
There are too much disadvantages that cannot be fixed.
According to this charts people from the group 0-14 years take the biggest proportion from Yemen citizens in 2000, amounted just above a half, that is about three times more than in Italy (only near 14 per cents).
One of the worldwidest measures that was found is increasing the amount of sport facilities and exercises.
On the one hand, this efforts will bring enough of success in changing people's health in better way.
Secondly, we should compare this data with projections for 2050.
The situation in Italy will be so to 2050: the amount of 60+ years people will grow about at 18,2%.
Italy has a lot of old population that will increase.
Those people, who consider that we can improve our health to increase the number of such facilities, as gums, stadions, swimming pools and so on, say that if there were right amount of such facilities, people would go to them more frequent than now.
Other measures are to increase the number of good food adds that will provide all vitamins and minerals to each person, because 80% of illnesses from the deticit of such ingridients and from bad nutrition.
This diagrams show the per cent of different ages of the Yemen's and Italy's populations in 2000 and 2050 years.
Today all people have some serious problems withe their health, for example, injures people, or toll people, who have a lot of problem in their life, and also there are people, who need a health life.
The scientists hope that the government can make a desision with the unhealthy people by some methods, for example to increase the number of sport center or do it more comfortable.
But it isn't so really now because the governments spend a lot of money, but people cannot be health.
This 4 pie chars demonstrate amount of different ages in Yemen and Italy in 2000 and also give prediction of how will be distingush in 2050.
The consequence of these behavior is unhealthy body.
What is more essential these facilities should exist for wide range of sport and in as many part of city as it possible in order to create comfortable conditions for every person.
This pie charts give us information on the ages of populations of Yemen and Italy.
In 2000 the amount of 60 and more years old people was more than childrens.
But after 50 years, how fourth chart shows, will be aproximatelly equal amount of 15-59 years old and 60 and more years old people.
This charts also show that, for example, in Yemen the main population are childrens, men and womans at the age of 15-59 years, but in Italy the main population is the old people and humans at the age of 15-59 years.
This measures allow poor families to visit sport centres, show people that sport is available for them, attract children's attention to the health way of life.
The group who claim that there is a need to increase sports facilities have a lot of reason to think that.
For instance, aftere leaving school, university, job or something else, we usually go to home where prefer eating a lot of fat home food and watching TV.
When we understand that our healt is bad, we want to go to the gym, but these gym may be expensive and long way from our home.
This charts show the information about Italy's and Yemen's ages of the populations.
May be, this people will attract their friends.
In Yemen for 50 years amount of people 15-59 years is increased significantly (by 7%).
Amount of people older 60 years is increased slightly (by 2,1%).
Amount of people 0-14 years at the same time is decreased by 13,1%.
In Italy there is different situation, amount of people 15-59 years is decreased by 15,4%, also amount of people 0-14 years is decreased by 2,8%.
And amount of people older 60 years is rised by 18,2%.
In 2000 in Yemen number of children and number of adults were almost equal, however, in Italy amount of adults was more than amount of children on 47,3%.
At the same time amount of old people in this countries was different (by 20,5%).
In 2050 in this countries, looking at past changes, we can say that in Italy amount of older people is more than in Yemen, however, in Yemen amount of children and amount of adults are more than in Italy.
In my opinion, increasing the number of sports facilities for that children and teenagers have all opportunities for healthy life.
The population of this countries were derived on three age groups:0-14 years, 15-59years and 60+ years.
The amount of young people is going to lessen in both countries.
A lot of people seem to think, that increasing the amount of sport facilities will benefit for the society.
This people often forget, that in order to be healthier you must do sports regularly, and in our modern time people are very busy with their jobs and families.
To sum up, increasing the amount of sport facilities will give more possibilities to do sports, but I am sure that being healthy is not always about sports.
This pictures shows the information about the population's age in Yemen and Italy in 2000, and also the predictions of the aged groups for 2050 year.
Also and the number of other aged groups in 2000 are very various in this two countries, all of them had a difference roughly in 20%.
In the last decades were significant increasing in different technologies and this, of course, influnce on people's health, so there are very actual problem now - how to improve and maintaine public health in nowadays conditions?
Anyway the second group thinks that the policy of increasing the number of sports objects is not efficient, and it is wrong to spend on this a lot of money.
We should decrease amount of plants, so we make air pollution, earth pollution smaller.
To sum up, improving public health includes significant amount of small steps.
Both country tend to have less children, but more pensioners in the future, although the scopes have many differences.
And some people believe that such problem arises because people do not enough sport because of lack of sports facilities.
But there is also the another point of view, which says that increasing of the number of sports facilities would be not enough to motivate people and it would not have enough effect on public health.
The first feature we should pay attention on is the gap between the amount of kids younger than 14 in these countries.
The amount of old people will grow almost two times by 2050th.
But if Yemen labour market will grow because of increasing of people fifteen to sixty years old, the situation in Italy is completely opposite because the amount of retired people is already significantly bigger and tend to grow.
The lifestyle of many citizens require a lot of indoor activity which cause a bad influence on their health.
The first one provides an idea of supporting sports by increasing the amount of sports facilities.
But is the sport enough to solve all the public health problems?
In 2000 there is a big difference in amount of 60+ years people: 3,6% in Yemen and almost one forth of whole population in Italy, which exceeds Yemen in 8 times.
Our projections approved by such fact as that numbers of children in Italy probably decrease and in 2050 it will only 11,5% instead of 14% which were in 2000.
For this aim big and medium-sized cities have a huge range of sports clubs.
At the same time number of adult Italian dramatically decrease through the period from 2000 to 2050.
Furthermore, interestingly the amount of old people is very small and it grows unsignificantly for the period of 2000-2050.
To sum up, information on the ages of the populations this two countries is very different, so the date to compare difficult.
There is a point of view, that the rise of sport facilities is a measure enough to improve public health.
People, which have a habit to run in the morning, for example, are in better form then other and they have fewer probability to become ill.
In the charts of the second country this changes are more significant.
Many people think that nowadays people are very busy, they have a lot of work, study and they don't enouth time for sport.
In opposite, increasing of the amount of sport facilities may have a little influence on health of population.
As for me, increasing the amount of sports facilities may be just one of tools of improving public health.
The most apparent difference is about middle-age generation, in Yemen the growth of this type of age is autisipated, while the number of young population will be shortaged, which is estimated by 13%.
The number of older generation is expected to not change dramatically.
It will do a lot of damage to the economy to invest money in industry with low demand on its' services.
As we can see from these charts, changes in population in Yemen and Italy are not the same and these change can be different because of different factors.
However, a large amount of sports facilities does not matter that it would influance largely on public health.
They allways should think about many other problem: how to earn money, where the education is better, and other.
With the helps of this people develop their inside statement.
On the one hand, definitely this measures are required by society.
We are too busy to have enough time and spend it on sport.
Furthermore, this period projected to leave both countries with less children (a 20% reduction in Yemen and 2% in Italy).
The amount of people that are older than 60 is going to double, while age group of 15-59 years old will reduce by 15,4 per cent.
In conclusion we can say that in both countries there is a tendency to have less children but at the same time, life and medicine become better and more satisfactory for population as old people tend to live longer.
On the other hand, their opponents suppote, that such measures increase only physical activity, but not health in the whole, they believe that there are great amount of other reasons, with which we should do something, lack of fresh air in cities, clean water, lack of healthy sleep, harmful food, stress coused by job of trafic jams and other, all these factors influence people's health.
One of the most obvious fact in charts that in Yemen in 2050 there will be less children in 0-14 ages, than it was in 2000.
The major number of population in Yemen is 0-14 year that includes 50,1%, but in Italy, the dominant age is 15-59 years that includes 61,6%.
Nowadays, when we live in the modern world, when people have a quick temp of life, they work for major part of their life and man and woman do not have enough time for rest and also for eating healthy home foods.
As for me, I think that increasing sport facilities is not a good idea because if people do not have enough time for it he will not do sport and when government will build more gyms.
In Italy it is also predicted that there will be less children, but not in so huge proportion.
However, others think that this measure would not be effective, because less people are interested in doing sports, while it is better to spend money on improving our ecological situation.
Plants and factories produce lots of air and water polution, products are grown using pesticides, forests are cutting down.
All this factors influence our health much more badly than the lack of sport facilities.
For example, if you want to be a ballroom dancer, you need a lot of money for shoes, clothes, seminars with best teachers.
Nevertheless, according to projections, the amount of Yemen citizens, who are children and teenagers, will decrease by approximately 13 percent, while the share of Italian young people will reduce insignificantly.
It is also necessary to notice, that amount of retired people in Yemen took a very small part of population in 2000 and, according to predictions, this situation will follow a similar pattern in 2050.
Nevertheless, there are people who confirm that news port facilities will totally improve public health.
If at least this measures will be made by people, our health will be improved!
They have only one children due to rising prices on education, clothes, food.
Moreover, boom in the number of sports equipment will lead to increase of physical activity attractiveness because a great deal of people want to take up playing some sportsgamebut they just do not have a possibility to do it.
What is more, large amount of people will be motivated by the possibility of improving their own body, making it more attractive and stronger.
It can be seen that amount of children in Yemen in 2050 will be lower than in 2000.
It is clear that amount of middle age people will largly increase in 50 years from 46,3 per cent to 57,3 per cent.
But it is clearly seen that in projection there is less amount of people 15-59 years old than in 2000.
Some people think that ways of improving public health such as increasing the amount of sport facilitites are better than others.
In my opinion, big amount of alternative sport facilities is better than other methods of increasing public health.
To sum up, it can be clearly seen that big amount of sport facilities creates biggest interest to sport and to active style of life.
It should prepare a lot of program for improving public health.
It should spend a lot of time and money for improving public helth.
As for projections for 2050, there will be significant rising of amount of people of 60+ years (42,3%) and decreasing of people of 15-49 years (46,2%) and 0-14 years (11,5%).
There are lots of free sport section and you can choose from swimming to football, basketball and so on.
For example today there are lots of new section of boxing.
First of all the number of Yemen's adult will increase in 9 per cents while the part of the same kind of people in Italy will plummet drammatically.
In conclusion both countries ought to improve their birth rates of fertility, another way they will face the problem of over crow dance by retires and not having enough new labour force.
Schools are also engaged in this process and spend a lot of money to equip their sport halls.
That's way if government ellimite illegal sales of this products and punish dishonest producers the situation may positively changed.
One people believe that it is better to provide more sport activities.
But, if we look from another perspective, it is obvious that we have to spend a lot of money on facilities without getting immediate result.
Those who vote for it believe that there is a proportion between the amount of people who do sport and the number of stadiums and such.
But even if we talk about sport, motivation is much more important than the amount of sports facilities around.
This four pie charts show different ages in Yemen and Italy in different years in 2000 and the futures (2050).
This countries very different have situation with of the age population.
Because it is very, very important for two next population, how much people live in world in the features and how they will develop in the features.
To be perfectly honest, each day we spend a lot of time setting (in front of the computer, at school, at university and so on) and by the end of the day the majority of us have the terrible back-ache or head-ache.
Amount of young people in Yemen fall to 37%, but amount of working and old men will be increase to 57% and 6%.
Ones think, that we should rise a number of sport activity.
Some people don't have these time.
So a big amount of sport facilities will help your to follow timetable and to have a amazing result.
To sum the information, we can say that a uncreasing amount of sport facilities help people to fing their sport and do it regular.
The amount of adults will decrease by about 15 percent to 2050.
Over the recent years there has been a huge growth in amount of people doing sport on their own using public sports facilities.
And by visiting different sports sections people get enough physical activity to keep their health on the right level.
Also, some kinds of sports might be used in treatment of people who have some physical restrictions and with development of facilities for this sports it will be easier for these people to live full life.
And only combined application of this measures can really help to solve the problems with public health.
The amount of teens droppe from 50,1% to 37,0%, and middle-age group of people growth on 11,0% to 2050.
In compare with Yemen, in Italy amount of people, which are 60+ years, is more and equal to 24,1% from all population.
Our society needs to growth the amount of sports opportunities and each of us has to be interested in it.
Almost identical number of peopl (females and males) had the Bachelor's degree, it was near 50 percent.
I suppose that the government should accept some lows that can put the frames for this tipes of expressing artist's thoughts, becouse it is can lead to unexpected surprises in childrens behaviour.
In compharisent to this females had the lowest percentage with vocational diploma.
Films, painting may have a lot of violence or sex scence and that may have negative effect on children or people with weak mental health.
However, the proportion of females, who had a undergraduate diploma and Bachelor's degree significantly rise that proportion of males (more than 50% and 70% females had a post-school qualifications in this kinds).
By in the contrast the proportion of females in other kinds considerably rised the proportion of males in this levels.
The children who doesn't painting or playing musick, may grow clouser people orThe graph provide information about several qualication between males and females in who were completed school in 1999.
However women in this qualifications had level of 40 persentages.
However the governmend often trying to stop this gesters and thougts by artists.
But sometimes in this movies we can see different things those damage illusion of government.
Artists may do very impossible things and thanks for that people understood how do in different situation or incidend.
Goverment do "fighting" with this stuff, but this incident happened at night and police often don't caught this people.
Thanks for this people tho makes this unusial idea and thoughts.
I think that it's depends of how popular are these artists and how much people agree with their ideas.
They must have a lot of time for their work, because if government wants a good film, a good concert, a good library with a lot of beautiful books, a brilliant exibition or another art event, it takes some times.
They must give a lot of good information which can do people more kind, clever, developed and creative, so they must have some restrictions.
Master's degree was got by fewer number of females, than males.
If you travel by a train or use train to come home from your work you see a lot of graffity during your road and most of them are not ugly or disappointing.
The biggest amount of women has undergraduate diplomaand it is about 70%.
The biggest numbers of post-graduated qualification diploma of men is skilled vocational diploma.
This people need to be heared like no other.
In conclusion, I agree with that creative artists should have the freedom to express their own points of view.
Amount of men with postgraduate diploma and Master's degree were more, than amount of women (70 and 60 percent of men and 30 and 40 percent of women).
For example, museums and galleryes open their's door for teenagers and if young generation see this strange pictures, they can loose interest for other traditional art.
Moreover, there are many awful film which people can see switch on the TV.
The bar chart indicates the amount of males and females involved in studying certain types of higher education programmes in 1999 in Australia.
In comparison, the amount of men was only half of that.
We can see clearly that the amount of males in almost any other area was double as the females' one.
Another thing that is really important that the amount of old people (60+ years) is really low in Yemen in 2000.
The amount of kids (0-14 yars) in Yemen in 2000 is 4 times bigger than at the same time in Italy.
It is preticted that the amount of youngsters will fall in comparison with the 15-59 years old group, so they will contain 37 and 57 percent respectively.
The amount of elder people will be minor, just 6 percent of the population.
In conclusion, this data shows how developed the country is because it is well shown, that the bigger the amount of older people is and the higher the average length of life is, the more developed the country is regarded to be.
To begin with, the main characteristics of the countries at the start of the period are that Yemen's population is mostly divided between children up to 14 years and grown-ups under the age of 60, with a slight prevailance of youngsters and almost unconsiderable amount of elderly with 3,6%, while Italy has almost two thirds of it population (61,6%) in the working age gap and about a quarter (24,1%) of the nation is over 60 years in age, leaving 14,3% for children, as opposed to 50,1% in Yemen.
As we can observe, the half of population of Yemen consisted of young people from 0 to 14 years old in 2000, while in Italy the amount of youngsters were remarkably lower (14,3% of population).
In fact, this numbers were not so different because in each country the majority is often within this limits of age.
As for predictions, we can say that in the future the amount of middle-aged people is supposed to grow in Yemen, while according to the projections, we will observe the opposite phenomenon in Italy.
More than that, growing amount of sport facilities can be a remedy to avoid some other kind of addiction - computer addiction, which is commonly believed to be a serious problem among teenagers in our contemporary world of modern technologies.
The pictures below shows the number of people living in Yemen or Italy in 2000 and how this numbers will change in 2050.
According to Yemen, it can be said, the amount of old people will increase in 2050 from 3,6% to 5,7%.
The amount of children will fall from 14,3% to 11,5%.
One people say that in order to solve such problem sports facilities should be improved.
In addiction I should say that the situation can be more noticable if we would be able to compare number of this groups in both countries.
Often even when person cares about his/her health he/she has no opportunity to buy healthy food, because the information on the products is unreliable or even non-existing or this kinds of products are too expensive.
A lot of paintings of famous authors are held now in different galleries and big amount of people see them every day.
It is really hard for a good artist to show himself in such amount of untalanted people.
Therefore a lot of people consider that there should be increased the amount of sports facilities, while the other claim it would be inappropriate.
Due to big number of unhealthy business the solution should be founded not by them, and someone should be must dicide something.
In any case, as we are, publisity do not know how excectly solve this problems.
Some peope think, that many thing caused be done is increasing the number of sport facilities.
As for Italy, the amount of 15-59 years people is expected to decrease from 61,6 per cent to 46,2 per centand it is expected the dramatical increase in amount of pensioners in this country.
The quantity of 15-59 years people in Italy will decrease and reach 46,2%, while in Yemen there is an opposite trend: the amount of 15-59 year people increase and to the 2050 will be more than a half of the whole population.
This figures are predicted to double.
The amount of 15-59 and 60+ years old will increase, whereas the amount of 0-14 year old will decline.
Nowadays a great amount of people is becoming more and more concerned about their health.
This opinion have several benefit.
Secondly, this people think new way in the art.
Furthermore this animals can walk on the beach thanks for windy.
And one of this disadvantages is wrong places which artists choose for their pictures.
It is considered that in Yemen the percentage of 0-14 years population will decrease by 37%, while 15-59 years group will be described with increased 57,3% and the amount of 60+ aged people will increase in 2,1%.
To conclude, there are two main opinions for the point of the effectiveness of increasing the amount of sport facilities, but I'm convinced that it could be really helpful for society.
According to this research, the amount of sports centres and clubs correlate with the number of sportsmen in this country.
From the first two charts we can see that the amount of 15-59 years old people in Yemen will rise approximately on 2 per cent.
First of all, in Yemen amount of middle-aged people will have been predictably increased by more than 10%.
Yemen, vice-versa, has a significant drop in the number of young population.
However there is an opposite point of view, which states that this rise in amount of sport facilities has a minimal impact on public health and there are a lot of different things to do and improve.
On the one hand, the huge amount of such places as gyms, swimming pools in city or town is great opportunity to improve level of health because people do not have to go outskirts or to the edge of the city to workout.
Moreover, the large amount of sport centres in cities are leading to competition among companies.
I am inclined to believe that the amount of sports facilities is a great opportunity to start going to gym or pool, because people do not have to spend too much time to travel to these centers.
To sum up, it should be noted, that this data can be very useful for a great amount of different researches.
On the one side, there is an opinion that people need to have a large amount of sport centres and other ways to do sport.
It is the minus of big amount of sport facilities, which are not necessary for people, but rising risk of buying drugs with unknown effects.
As for me there is enough of those stuff, but if they are not doing their best.
It would be better to open new swimming pools, tracks and ground on the free spaces, and in the same time, qualify those medical care that we already have.
The striking feature in these charts is the fact that in both years Italy has much less children of 0-14 years that Yemen, 14,3% vs 50,1% in 2000 and 11,5% vs 37,0% respectively.
A person, who knows from the birth, why it is important to lead active lifestyle, eat various food and avoid junk food, can always find an opportunity to do sport, even if there are not enough sport facilities.
In fact, there are many situations in which person do not have enough money to pay for courses in special centers.
The amount of youngest people from 0 to 14 years is decline in both countries but the trend is more noticable in Yemen (from 50% to 37%).
The proportion of people, who are 15-59 years old, has contrast changing in that countries.
The pie charts illustrate the amount of people of each age group in Yemen and in Italy in 2000 year and predicted amounts of populations in 2050 year.
The amount of people between 0 and 14 years in Yemen in 2000 was more than 50%.
To compare with the population in 2050 year, there will more people between 15-59 years and 60+ years while the amount of 0-14 years people will decrease.
To sum all up, we may see increase in amount of 15-59 years group in Yemen, decrease in 0-14 group and small raising in 60+ years group while in Italy, the amount of 15-59 years and 0-14 years will decrease and 60+ years will raise.
It allows increase the amount of sport places for all who wants.
It can be cause of high price for aboniment in this centres.
Organisations can make various competition which will help relax and to do the best for team sprint.
It contains lots of information about diets, exercises and keeping feet.
The amount of people between 0-14 years consist more than the half of the population of Yemen.
It is important to notice, that in all the years there will be the biggest amount of people from 15 to 59 years in Italy.
Some people claime that the best way to get the population more healthy is the rise of amount of sport facilities.
Moreover, this companies try to attract children by organizing special events.
As a prediction, the amount of children and pensioners decrease to 37,0% and approximately 5,7% respectively.
One people believe that the increasing the number of sport facilities is the best way to improve public health.
And in projection to 2050 the amount of old people will grow, and the middle-aged group will become smaller by 15 percent.
You can just go to the centre of your city in some weekend or holidays and you will see a lot of amazing artist wich are just staying in the streets and show their art.
In these video the artist was dancing at the streets in New York and was dressed very strange.
To draw up a conclusion, I wouldsay that because of the low temperatures and less vitamins in winter.
they can ever be afraid of happiness misleading them and try to keep themselves upright to have enough time to fullfill their goals.
The second factor that plenty of human beings find vital is obtaining enough income.
To sum it up, three aspects of happy lif were revealed: family, enough money, and a job that satisfyes you.
This words were claimed by one of the main heros of this novelHe handsbut he had big family, and he was the one who make money to make his family exist.
And this addicted people can feel happy too.
There were two times as much units of electricity used in winter as units of electricity used in summer (from 15000 points in summer to 40000 points in winter).
A lot of people in modern society warrying about their everyday needs and just want to have enough money and to be healthy.
To sum up, people use a lot of electricity during the days for heating their homes and entertainment, but in winter the demand for electricity is higher than that in summer.
The problem for plenty of people is that they can't understand, what they really need to do to enjoy their life and waste a lot of time doing things they really hate.
The graph hit a peack at the mare of 42-43 thousands units of electricity, and than we can see the slight fall.
It is clarly seen that the number of usage electricity in winter is much higher than in summer.
Overall during the whole period the numbers of usage electricity fluctuated, but the levels in winter were much higher and the main purpose was heating rooms and water.
However, it's very difficult to find your individual hobby and it takes lots of ime to find a good friend.
Much people supposed that happiness is main and important part of our life.
These two diagram show the use of electricity in United Kingdom: the graph reflects a typical daily demand for electricity and the pie chart contains the information about what exactly the electricity is used for.
To sum up, we may notice that the huge number of energy is used for heating room is winter.
Everyone wants to be happy, it takes a lot of time.
I suppose that all this factors can be involved in a one term - "self-realization".
It gives a lot of emotional energy back to person and help him feel amazing diring all the life.
If someone wants to earn a lot of money, he should be creativy and pragmatic.
To my mind some simple things can make people feel good and this things are part of human happiness.
Moreover the most significant amount of electricity people expense at 21:00 in winter days and 13:00 and 22:00 in summer days.
However, a few people can define this motion and explain clearly what it is because of enormous amount of feelings, emotions and associations related with happiness.
People of England use less units of electricity in the mornings, between 6 and 9 hours.
Secondly, there are a lot of unhappiness because people are afraid of it.
It is clear that the demand for electricity is a lot higher during winter days: the line reaches its peak somewhere near 21 hours (approximately 47 thousands units of electricity spend).
The lowest point is located near 9 hours ( approximately 13 thousands units of electricity spend).
But despite of all this efforts, happiness is still a mistery for us.
These graph and pie chart illustrates English citizens intenses of using electricity both on summerd winter and for which gadgets it is used.
They could contain scenes of violentcy, and consequences for children could be awful and devasting for these mentality.
To sum up all these information we can see that in the most cases the gender who had more post-school qualifications in Australia in 1999 were males.
Artists who wont to express themselves, they need a freedom, but government administend a huge amount of sanctions, because of this many ingenious work do not appear ordo not go to people.
It can be seen from the chart that the amount of females who held undergraduate diploma and males who got postgraduate diploma was about 70 percent.
Amount of a female in this two categories is too farfrom males part.
Generally it can be said that the amount of women, who got the undergraduate diloma reached 70% and it is the highest peak of females' level of qualification.
This thing illustrates us that heating bedrooms and water stimulate demand for electric power in this two-time periods.
They havea lways dreamed of having business and when they buit one it gave them a lot of happiness.
You should undertand what are you dream of, after that set goals to achieve and start to move on this life-path.
And, finally, journey on this path brings us a lot of love, friendship, new emotions, fun and, as a result, true happiness.
On the oother hand, women got twice as many undergraduate diplomaaw men did.
Male got twice as many postgraduate diploma as female students did.
This qualifications were skilled vocational diploma, postgraduate dioloma and master's degree (90%, 70%, 60% of males respectively.
This qualifications were undergraduate diploma and bachelor's degree(70%, 52% of males respectively).
And this numbers were quite equal.
In undergraduate diploma and bachelor's degree the amount of women is bigger.
The undergraduate diploma has the greatest amount of females in the whole report, which is 70%.
Nowadays all creative professions are excepted to have more space for realization and less rules unlike other kinds of work.
Number of mens in this position ammounts to 70 per cent, whereas the numbur of womens approximately two times less.
A lot of this specialities are provided by freedom.
On the other hand there are some situations when creative people go mad and do a lot of harm with their actions.
Other think that a lot of freedom in their expressing of feels are very dangerous.
So government don't allow to appear on TV and internet a lot of dangerous product of arts and these people think that it is right.
But these problem is very difficult and needs further discussion.
How many people so many opinion and everyone chooses for himself.
In contrast, females showed more interest to undergraduate diploma than males, holding the number of 70% compared to the 30% of males.
This groups require 15 percent each.
As for the postgraduate dipoloma and the master's degree, it is noticeable that men took advantage these (70% to 30% for the postgraduate diploma and 69% to 49% for the master's degree).
As can been seen clearly, this modern not ones becomes less popular than it was in the past but also heavy to understand esspessialy foe youth generation.
There are contain a lot of violence, which have a bad influence on children's views.
There are a lot of examples when children want to be entertained and therefore, when they watch a modern film with a lot of violence on it, have a bad influence on theire behavior and views.
As a result country will lose the huge amount of monuments, literature and other talented things.
There are many different reason why people should always to give freedom creative people.
It can be clearly seen that skilled vocational diploma was the most men's popular qualification and at the same time a few number of women held it.
However the less amount of women prefer to had skilled vocational diploma.
Secondly, government must pay some sum of money, thanks this money artists will want to be better.
On the other hand government spend a lot of time and money due to organise some spesial school in the some sity, but children can study in this art school, if him or here parents have a lot of money.
To begin with, there were much less females who got skilled vocational diploma while more than 90 per cent of males got it.
We can see that amount of units of electricity spent during winter day has lowest point at 7:30 AM with 30000 units and highest point at 19:00 PM with almost 45000 units.
But if we take a look at line which shows us amount of spent units during summer day, we'll see that highest point has only 20000 units at 1:30 PM and lowest point has about 13000 units at 9 AM accordingly.
For some people having a dicent job and lots of money on their bank account is a way to be happy.
Part of people consider that government should give freedom this people, however part of people consider that it will be not healthy for the community.
On the other hand, thanks for this people we can relax, because we can watch TV, where they play a different roles, we can listen to music and more other.
Thefore, if this people will have not a freedom, we cannot relax and thefor mood will not have it.
In my opinion, creativity to a particular extent means confident and without this confident artists could not produce attractive art works in the ways they prefer, and in that way their work coukd convey all their ideas effectively.
Being artists is too hard because they have many problem when try to write masterpiece.
The chart graph illustrates an amount of people in Australia who passed the school and held different qualifications later.
In that countries the majority of talented people cannot create what they want.
Generally, women had less persantages in most qualifications.
The London subway has the middle position in passengers per year column with 775 millions, then at the same time Tokyo metro is used with about 2000 million passangers per year, which is the maximum value in the list.
We ho to school, than to the university and sometimes it needs more than just good characteristics we are born with, but confidence and a lot of hard work to perform well.
Concerning three other cities, it is noticeable that the length of rout and the amount of passengers per year in Washington DC are significantly higher than in Kyoto and in Los Angeles.
The number of 15-59 years old population will fall from 61.
The overall trend in both countries is that in projections for 2050 year there will be less children.
And for example, in 1999 people spend 90 billions minutes by the local calls.
But sometimes this volunteer programmes can take much time.
And therefore many children didn't take part in this community services because they are afraid that they will haven't enough time to prepare to their exams.
You will fing many friends if you will take place in this services, because there are many people with open soul are volunteers.
This bar chart shows us amount of minutes of telephone calls in UK between 1995 and 2002 in three types of call: local, national and international and mobile.
Secondly, the chart shows that amount of minutes on mobile type of calls was increasing from 1995 to the end of the chart's timeline.
But in 2002 it jumped more than a half of amount of minutes.
The bar graphs illustrates changes in the amount of minutes on telephone calls, including local-fixed line, national and international and mobiles lines in the UK from 1995 to 2002 years.
According to this bar graph the number of minutes of local phones each year from 1995 to 1999 went up, hitting a peak in 1999, about 90 billions of minute, but the next three years the number of minutes is declined rapidly.
The number of minutes of local calls started with a value of 70 billions in 1995.
Finally it dropped to a started value of 70 billions in 2002.
The number of minutes of national and international was equal just under a 40 billions in 1995.
Then it gradually increased to 60 billions in 2002.
The number of minutes of mobile calls started of the smallest level of approximately 3 billions, then it stadily went up to about a 10 billions in 1999.
After it sharply rose to 15 billions in 2002 what means it became nearly to the number of minutes of national and international calls.
Both of the number of minutes of national (international) and mobile calls increased but mobile's more sharply.
There is far lot of information about them in newspapers and in the internet.
In 1999 the number of minutes reached the higher position of 90 billions minutes.
From 1995 to 1999 the number of minutes of local calls was increasing from 70 billions to 90 billions.
But after until 2002 this value decreased to approximatly the 70 billions minutes.
This number stepped up from 40 billions in 1995 and achived the value of about 60 billions minutes in 2002.
And in 2002 achived the value of 45 billions minutes.
If this two organisations will be unite, government will donate more money to school.
All in all, there are a lot of argument for compresing this both organisations in one.
In 1995 local-fixed line showed the higher results (about 72 billions) while national and international-fixed line indicated almost 40 billions and calls by mobiles demonstrated only 3 billions.
From 1996-2001 trend of national and international-fixed line was upward (with around 40 billions in the beginning and 60 billion by 2001).
Likewise, mobiles showed simillar trend (approximately 5 billions in 1996 and about 40 billions in 2001).
Local-fixed line fluctuated during the period and ended with about 80 billions.
By 2002 mobile calls achieved 50 billions while local-fixed line continued downward and showed only 75 billions.
National and international-fixed line demonstrated about 60 billions.
Firstly, it's immediately obvious that the number of minutes of mobile calls rose dramatically since 1994 and now it reach more than 50 billions of minutes.
In contrast, the local calls statistics shows that the highest number of minutes was in 1999 and then it drop by 20 billions in 2002.
As it is shown on a chart, number of calls by local fixed line has increased during the period from 1995 to 1999, and then it decreased from 2000 to 2002 to the level of 1995, less more than a 70 billions.
At 2002 number of this calls rised less than twice.
In 2002 this type of calls reached the level of international calls in 1996, 40 billions.
From 1995 to 1999 year this type of calls was the most popular in UK and was approximettly ninety billions of minutes per year.
But since 1999 the number of local calls has slightly decreased to the number of 1995 year.
When I was learning at school we did a lot of unpaid charity doing.
It is believed that a big amount of these facilities will increase the rate of healthy people while some people claim that the influence of such tools is not so huge.
If many schools will have such lessons a lot of work will done by children.
It has 50 billions gap between 1995 and 2002 compared to only 20-25 billions gap of calls provided by local fixed line.
National and international line had about 60 billions minutes in 2002 and has increased by the third compared to 1995.
Mobile phone calls had almost 45 billions and this is 20-25 times larger than in the start of the period, so it's clear that mobile phones now can be the main source of providing telephone calls.
Mature people have work and families, so they don't have enough time for community service.
The chart indicates the amount of minutes of phone calls in the UK, from 1995 to 2002.
It was almost constant amount of minutes during the next 4 years.
As we can see, technicall upgrades back in the end of 90's rised number of call through mobile phone, but still local, national and international fixed lines more popular in the period from 1995 to 2002 year.
As all we know, we live in beautiful country, but still we have a huge amount of fools.
National and international calls have a steady increase in the number of call minutes throughout the period, paining about 2-5 billions a year.
Possible reasons for that include these: by the first, such activities may take a lot of time and concentration, thus reducing the quality of education as students will have less time to spend doing homework or revising the material.
In 2001 number of minutes by mobile phone sharply went up to 40 billions.
It should be mentioned that local-fixed line calls reached the top in 1999 and had 90 billions minutes.
After 1999 total number of local calls started to drop and dicreased to 70 billions minutes of calls.
Nevertheless, this kind of compulsory part of high school programmes take a lot of student time's.
I think we can grow adults from children only in charity organization, because they feel problems of our worlds and they can change these bad area of lives.
Speaking about amount of children in these countries, in Yemen they are expected to be about 37%, whereas in Italy the percentage of children is only 11.
If human bring smoke and has a sport activities in the same time, it can lead to heart disease, because it is very difficult for our health experience so much aggressive factors.
It's rather expensive to go to the sport facility, about twenty thousands rubles per year.
The graph demonstrates the amount of people aged 65 and over in percents in Japan, Sweden and USA.
However, some people suppose that equal amount of boys and girls in every subjects make possible to have different specialists in one way, because man and woman have different ways to solve the problems.
I firmly believe, that, for instance, on technical faculties, where the majority of students are men, equal number of female can make the study more interesting and productive.
Nevertheless after 100 years, in the end of the graph amount of old people in this two countries is lower than in third one.
Some people believe that Universitie should accept equal amount of male and female students in every faculty.
Also education system became better and better with every year and that is why many different subject developed in universities, so teenagers after graduating from the school have wide choice of faculty.
But after all it is not that easy to find same number of different gender on one subject.
Looking at the details, the number of the population in Japan is risen greatly, from 5% in 1940 to 27% in 2040.
At the detais of Sweden, the number of population is grown gradually, reached peaks in 1980 and in 2015 and falls in 1960 and 1995.
The past trends had changed from 1980 to 200 and in 200 Sweden became a leader among these three countries in amount of elderly people with 16%, then the USA was with 14% and Japan was with 5%.
In my opinion, the number of male and female in universities should nit be equal.
On the balance, therefore, there seems to be agreement that equal amount of male and female students in universities in every subject will have bad influence on the education system.
The graph provides information about population of 65 and over people in the period between 1940 and 2040 and compares this data between 3 countries: Japan, Sweden and the USA.
Overall, total amount of old people significantly have increased in times from 1940 to 2040 in three countries.
Each university has it's own way to invite puples for further education, giving the possiblity to attend different classes, but if it shoulf let to study subjects to equal numbers of male and female?
To sum up, I believe it is not necessary to accept equal numbers of male and female because of many reasons.
During the period of 1940 and 2000 this proportion has dipped, after that the amount of 65 and over - aged people became to increase slightly and the percentage has dramtically rised from 2030 hitting a peak in 2040 and accounted for 27%.
There is a great deal of different opinions, but they all can be divided into two groups.
As for the number of the population aged 65 and over in Sweden and USA, there was a steadily rise with slight falling and some flactuations.
All that countries have a tendency to a grouth.
The second point to opposite this is that to get the same number of different sex student is not rational and impossible just because of different proportion of male and female in every city.
By this way there will be less students in universities and less educated people in country that can't be an advantage.
In conlution I want to say that practice of the same proportion of accepting male and female students has more disadvantages than advantages because of many features and preferences of these both sex.
And university can accept equal numbers of girls and boys to this subjects to demand this problem.
Some people think that universites should accept equal numbers of male and female student in every subject.
For example, if university will prepare equal numbers of male and female builders, many women will have not a goad job, insted of men, whitch numbers will no enought for good work in this professions.
Doctors, teachers, engineer, builders - all this specialties includes not only the professional knowledges and skills, but also gender characteristics.
To sum up these arguments I consider that the discussion about the equal number of woman and man in every subject should stay only in theory.
The opinion, that universities should accept equal numbers of male and female student in every discipline, is nowadays of high popularity.
Thus universities not always can accept the equal number of make and female students, because they are not entering each faculty equally.
The result would be the following: every student has a lot of attention and communication to his person.
There is an opinion which says that the universities should accept equal numbers of student of both sexes in everu subject.
From one point of view, human rights allow ant student to choose what subject he/she wants to study, so it should be so, that the numbers of male and female in every area is equal.
Moreover, there are some benefits from a community with participants of different gender - it is known that in such group there are less arguments, tension and the atmosphere all in all is much less aggressive.
In my personal opinion, trying to accept an equal amount of males and females in every subject is a wrong way to deal with the problem, because then some more talented students can be discriminated because if their gender.
A lot of people think that amount of male and female students in universities should be equal in all subjects.
It depends on differenr unpredictable situations, students preferences and on an amount of women and men in the world.
The information provided illustrates the amount of inhabitants aged 65 and over from 1940 to 2040 in Japan, Sweden and United States.
To 2040 the highest number of the population aged 65 and over is presumed to be in Japan, though before it had the lowest position on the graph and indicators were even descending.
It is supposed to be explained, however, I'm totally agree that it would be properlier to have an equal amount of students of opposite sex.
So, the equal amount of males and females helps to maintain the harmony of those two beginnings.
The data provided illustrates the amount of people in age of 65 and over from 1940 to 2040 in such countries as Japan, Sweden and USA.
For instance, the amount of female students in the sphere of literary, foreign languages or journalistic is always higher than the percent of male students.
This fact also illustrates the big amount of men, who work with modern innovations and nucklear research.
First of all, the difference between the amount of male and female studying a certain subject in a university can be caused not by the politics of this university but the natural interest of different genders in different fields of knowledge.
Finally, allowing only same amount of male and female students in classes would only increase discrimination and not support tolerancy.
To conclude, I have to say that allowing only same amount of male and female students in every class seems to be a uselles and irrelevant way of fighting against the discrimination.
Firstly, women cannot do the job, that requires a lot of power, that is why thry do not need to go to some faculties, so there will be only men.
In contrast to a gradual raise of the number of old people in the USA and Sweden, in Japan was a major decline of the amount of aged people during the second half of the XXth century (between 1940 and 2000), however since 2000 the number of old people aged aged 65 and over dramatically increased from 5% in 2000 and to, approximately, 26& in 2040.
Overall, despite the fact that Japan had had a dreadful downfall, it succeeded eventually, that leads to that in all three countries the amount of aged people has been increasing and reaching almost the same number in the end of the period.
However, in the society, there is still an opinion, that there are several subject, which are more convenient for males and vice versa, and that the university authorities should except different amount of stident regarding their sex.
Besides, inspite of an indisputably great succes of men in the science field, women have been taking over these sphere as well, for example Maria Cury or Sophia Kovalevskaya made some essential revelations during their career.
On the one hand, it can be a good idea to accept the similar number of male and female in one subject because it can be interesting for people to comunicate with each other.
For example, not a lot of man want to be a philologist, and there are a lot of girls at these types in this direction and only a few men.
Namelly, amount of elderely people in Japan is rising from 5% in 1940 to about 27% in 2040.
Overall, it is clear that amount of male and female students is notThe data given illustrate the percentage of people older than 64 amoung the whole population in three countries, Japan, Sweden and USA, during the period from 1940 to 2040.
It can be deduced from the graph that the biggest proportion of aged people by the end of the given period was in Japan where the amount of people aged 65 and over dramatically increased from 2030 to 2040 by more than 15 percents, resulting in 27 percents in 2040.
Nowadays the problem of sexes often arrise in the society, for example, there is a matter of enrolling to university and some people say that equal amount of males and females should be accepted for each faculty.
It would be wrong to force someone to persue a certain career or subject just because we are trying to express iquality in such way, and there will always be such faculties that will attract uneven amount of males and females.
Furthermore, accepting another talentless girl to a math department, for example, because of the stated amount of female students might lead to leaving out another gifted boy that was unlucky to be the one over the needed amount of males.
It is obvious, according to the first graph, that the greatest amount of units of electricity is used by people in winter.
In order to prove this statistics it is necessary to look at the purposes of using the electricity.
As for the summer it is worth noticing that the amount of units of electricity is rather small (about 20000).
It can be explained with the fact that people do not need too much electricity resources in summer.
At the same time, in the morning time the amount of the units stood in the lowest level for all the seasons.
For example, people can feel happy if they have enough food every day, but for people from modern cities with the high pece of life it is not enough.
There are many reseacrch about linking happiness and effectiveness.
In my opinion, these defenition make scence, but they are to abstract.
Generally speaking, in winter the amount of units, which is used increases between 0 and 3 hours from 35,000 to almost 40,000 with a further descend to 30,000 at 7 o'clock.
Then the amount of units of electricity inreases draimatically and reaches its peak of 48,000 at 23 o'clock.
It cannot be denied that happiness plays one of the most important roles in people's lifes, but there is big amount of ways to become happy.
So, according to these desire, people are encouraged to have a great job which erandies to pay them a high salary.
Its the lowest point stands at 13 thousands units of electricity at 9 a.
This means that if the man dreams of being wealthy his happiness is lots of money.
The second one is tag as much things as you can, take everything from the life, travel, listen music, read book, communicate with people.
A lot of electricity is used for heating rooms or water.
A lot of think in our life depend on define happiness.
Some needs to be reach, another needs a good health, and this factors can make you happy.
For example person live in the center of capital, he had a lot of money, but doesn't help him to prevent his cencer.
One of that is be sure that it will give you this fealings.
In conclusion, it would be excellent to admit that some students get a lot of extra knowledge and possibilities after gap year.
With the raise of age, the amount of students who go to study for reason as career are slightly fail.
The amount of this people fluctuated around 40%.
There are a great difference between the amount of people who study for career and for interest.
As for employer support, tyhe graph illustrates the highest number of persent of people under 26.
Consequently, a student should make right and have enough experirnse to live himself.
In conclusion, there is an enormous amount of young people who are in chaise of the career However, elder people prefer get their education for interest.
This bar charts illustrate the reasons for study among students of different ages and the amount of support from employers.
Perhaps in this age students should have some work experience and tend to continue do their careerand it is harder to help these people to start for employer.
According this charts, there are two main reasins for studying: for career and for interest.
First of all it is understandable that huge amount of youngsters encouraged to get as much experience as possible by any means nessessery.
For example, some of us want to have a lot of money and power.
Overall, in summer days people do not use a lot of electricity, but during the winter they needed more of it, so, an amount grows rapidly.
We cannot achieve the enough level of happiness totalitarial society where it is forbidden to express our thoughts and feelings.
Its variety of definitions is as wide as the amount of people on the Earth, and often give it prior importance in our lives.
It also has the smallest amount of passengers per year.
The number of passengers per year reaches its peak in Tokyo - it is 1927 millions.
But the tendency is obvious: growth of amount of suburbs lead to development of public transport system.
This things will make person strong as a person and will construct his or her personality.
The largest amount of passengers per year is served by Tokyo metropolitan, 1927 mln people, although it was founded half a century later the London metropolitan.
Some specific skills can be taught only if you have characteristics that make studying of this skills easy.
Life experience make people do some amount of choises in their lives.
However, there is a Tokyo railway system which has the biggest amount of passengers per year - it is near 2 billions.
The underground railway system with the smallest amount of passengers per year is also situated in Japan - it was built in 1981 in Kyoto, it has only 45 million passengers per year.
, has a similar amount of passengers per year but is more than twice longer than in Kyoto.
If one's parents pay a lot of attention to education of their child, there are more chances for their son or daughter to be successful in the school or university because she or he used to get new information a lot.
The railway systems in Paris and Washington DC are considerably close in length (199 km and 126 km), but as for passengers per year the difference is significant - nearly 1000 millions per year.
As for the number of passengers per year, the leading metro system is in Tokyo (1927 millions), and the least number of passangers per year is in Kyoto (only 45 millions), and it is clear that the figures difference is significant (more than 40 times).
To sum up, the oldest subway is in London, the newest one in Los Angeles, the longest underground railway system is in London and the shortest one in Kyoto, the most passengers per year use Tokyo subway, and the least passengers use Kyoto underground.
The Kyoto underground is 11 kilometrs in length and it have 45 millions passengers in year and the Los Angeles underground system have 28 kilometres of route and 50 millions passengers in year.
For example, I have many friend which start own activity in accordance with your mental ability.
The most bussiest subway is in Tokyo: 1927 millions of passengers use it per year.
In Paris there is also busy subway, as it accounts for 1191 millions of people.
Another prominent feature of the table is that the most modern subway in Kyoto and Los Angeles have the shortest routes (11 and 28 kilometres) and the least number of people use it (45 and 50 millions per year).
From the charts it can be seen that the amount of people in Yemen aged from 0 to 14 years is likely to decrease from 50,1% in 2000 to 37,0% in 2050.
The amount of people aged from 15 to 59 is the majority of the whole Italian population.
To sum up, there can be seen a tendency in decreasing of the amount of people aged from 0 to 59, while the older group shows the opposite trend in both countries.
The bigger amount of these facilities can allow more people to go in a sport club.
People nowadays are very busy with work and the increase in the amount of facilities cannot make their leisure time become much.
Finally, the increase in the amount of sport centers has little effect on the data of public health.
This measures will include sport facilities, healthy fod and decrease of air polution.
It is easily seen that the amount of people in the age of 15-59 will higher in Yemen in 2050 comparing to 2000.
Amount of people in the age of 15-59 in this country will fall from 61,6% to 46,2%.
Generally speaking, the charts show that the amount of people in the age of 60+ years has a tendency to increase in both countries.
And the amount of people in the age of 0-14 years is predicted to fall by 2050 in both countries.
Some people believe that only by increasing the amount of sports facilities public health will reach the higher level.
Nowadays it is seemed to be that people do not have enough time for any sports activities due to very stressful and crazy lifestyle.
On the other hand, not all people have got enough money for viviting sports clubs.
From my point of view, increasing the number of sports facilities is not enough foo improving health.
Secondly, it is easier to develop sport, than to spend money on other measures, because lots of people can use a few facilities, On the contrary, if you want to improve medicine, you need to invent new ways how to treat people and only then use them, So it takes a lot of time.
And in these way should have an access to sport facilities, because doing sport develops our health and body.
For the modern time people have not enough movement and because of it they have to go in for sport.
Amount of the middle-aged people in Yemen jumped.
Percentage of the population aged 15-19 years grew up to 53,7% for this fifty years.
Percentage of the Italian olders aged 60+ years rocketed from 24,1% to 42,3% for this fifty years.
Both of this sides has pluses and minuses to discuss.
All that points are the reasons of my opinion.
The diagram also shows, that the amount of people aged from 0 to 14 will fall slightly.
Both the pie charts show a tendency of both populations getting older, while the amount of children is steadily getting down.
Some say that if we increase the amount of sport facilities, such a problem will vanish.
To sum it up, I would like to say that I do not find the strategy of increasing the amount of sport facilities useful for the modern world.
In every town there exists, at least, some sport centres, gyms, etc.
This charts pictured the indexes of the ages of the population of Yemen and Italy in 2000 and future indexes in 2050.
More over, there were approximately 4 times more children in Yemen than in Italy that years.
however, the amount of people over 60 years was bigger in Italy where it was about 24 per cent, meanwhile the amount of elder people in Yemen was about 3,5% only.
Furthermore, the amount of people over 60 will increase from 3,6% to 5,7% in 2050.
Doing water sports not only a type of fun but even a good physical practice that's why it can help to reduce amount of heart desiases.
All this factors have a significant influence on our health, and opportunities to have and exploit sports facilities will develop them.
It can be concluded, that sports facilities may cause an improvement of public health but it needs much more complex actions such as creating a convenient infrastructure, developing a good, stable economy and policy which requires a lot of time and other resources.
Yemen is a poor Aisian country and for this type of states huge amount of children is usual.
Italy is developed European country with small amount of children in total population, but big of adults and old men.
This conclusions can be proved by projections for 2050.
Total amount of children will be decreased: to 37 per cent in Yemen and 11 per cent in Italy.
All this points should increase in general health of population.
The charts shows that there is a trend of increasing the amount of elder people in Italy.
The biggest amount of people in Italy will be in the age of more than 60.
Some people are not able to do some sports because there are just a few sport centres in the area, where they live, moreover, this gyms can be very expensive.
Both country have a large amount of people in age from 15 to 59.
The spread between amount of 60+ years people in Yemen and Italy is big.
In projection for 2050, for both countries amount of people 60+ will increase considerably.
In comparison to 2000, at projection 2050 amount of old people rise to 30% for both countries.
Also amount of people in age from 15 to 59 years will be increase in Yemen for 20% and discrease in Italy for 25%.
People die not because of that scary diseases but just due to they are lazy.
We can see the number of population in 2000 and prejections for 2050.
Secondly, there is a big difference between the amount of people with the age of 60 and elder in Yemen and Italy.
On the other hand, sport can be very expensive activity for some people, they will not have enough money to do it if sport becomes a popular trend in the world.
There will be almost equal amount of people 15-59 years old and people 60 years old and over.
Someone believes that a good decision of this will be an increase of the amount of sports facilities, but others have another point of view.
As for me, I am not strongly sure that the vast amount of sports facilities may ensure the improving of population health.
The number of 60+ age group is also increasing dramatically from 3.
In Italy we can see similar dinamics in children's and 60+ population structure, but the number of middle aged will fall under 50% of the whole population.
People spend a lot of time sitting in offices and at home, because they have not free time for laisure.
Almost the same amount of people of the country were adults from 15 rill 59 years old and only the 3,6 percents were older.
In Italy, in opposite to Yemen, the amount of people between 15 and 59 years is going to decrease from 61,6% to 46,2%.
Someones believe that it is better for public health to increase an amount of sport facilities.
The prediction is that by 2050 year the number of middle generation (15-59 years old group) will increase.
And for instance, people who do like to do sport, yet have visited some sport centers, pools and so on or he or she, if have no enough money, just may run in the park, as an example.
How we can stated the amount of people from 0 to 14 years will decline and will be 37 per cent.
In the end we can see, that the amount of number people from group 60-plus will increase and will be 42,3 per cent.
To sum up, we can stead that all this charts show us one same thing, that group of people from 15 to 59 yeas in Italy and in Yemen in every time of all this period from 2000 to 2050 will be the biggest part of all population.
Overall, in 2050 the main part of the population in both countries will be 15-59 years old people but in Italy there will be less children than in Yemen.
Nowadays a huge number of people work more than 8 hours a day and they do not have enough time to do sport.
On the one hand, the increase of the amount of sports facilities can bring some improvement to people's health.
On the contrary, Italy has compeareably large amount of old people - around 1/4 of all population and this number will continue to grow up to 42,3%.
Governments give a lot of attention to increase the durance of lives and improve the conditions of living.
Although others think it would not have enough effect on public health and another measures are needed to be done to solute the problem.
When we are talking about the people who do not appreciate these sports facilities we must understand that it is normal and there will not be enough effect i this case.
In Yemen population we can highlight the amount of children from 0 to 14 years oldand it deals with the halth of the country.
This poor tendence also connected with the increasing amount of elderly people (from 24,1% in 2000 to 42,3$ in 2050).
Firstly, the biggest advantage of increasing the number of sport facilitiess is strong motivation.
On the other hand, some people suppose that all this improvements are too little steps in public health development and it's uneffective just to build stations in every town.
The accomodation, equipment and other things costs a lot of money and not every family can buy it.
People attend differents cources because equipment is provided, but if people have enough money to take such cources they are lucky enough or work hard.
Plus, nowadays professional sportsmen earn a lot of money, so doing sports could be a job.
To my mind, it is not necessary to build more sports centers, because it is enough number of them in our city.
It is expected that until 2050 the proportion of this people will decrease sharply to 37% in Yemen while in Italy it will decline a little bit.
For instance, it is proved, that people who run every day have less problems with the heart.
On the contrary, more and more people in Yemen will be born and less people die.
If a person does not pay enough attention to sport, it can lead to obesity and heart diseases.
We see that less people will be born in Italy and Yemen.
These years, mostly in Russia, a great amount of sports events are taking part.
The changes in the amount of people, who is older than 60 years, is not very big, it is about 2%.
However, the amount of people 60 years and older will increase on 18%.
The sport gives us a lot of energy and positive, it can make us get out of bed early.
It can be clearly seen that number of population of Yemen from 15 to 59 more than people of others ages, and projection demonstrates us that thise tendency will be continue.
Sometimes people do not have enough time for doing some sports exercises, and they do not want to improve their health with help sports.
To sum up, I can say that it is very god idea to improve public health is by increasing the number of sports facilities, because sportsmen it is always healthy people who have many energy.
Then we can see that amount of people aged 65 and over rised up by 1980 to 14% .
Some people think that universities should accept equal numbers of male and female, but someone disagree with thise point of viou.
In the 20th century there was a few number of female who were allowed to get a higher education.
Nowadays with the developing of women emancipation in some countries it is duscused that universities should accept equal amount of male and female students in each subject.
Moreover, men are more suitable for hard jobs like driver or builder of construction, because these works need extremely high level of concetration and a lot of strength.
These proportion had a growth from 1940 to approximately 1982.
The second argument against is the fact that University will have more benefits if they accept the best students rather than just equal amount of males and females.
Nowadays the gender differences become less and a lot of business woman, for instance, appear, though, 50 years ago it was an exemption.
It's immidiatly apparent from this graph that the propotion of the population in these age will be incregse.
In USA the amount of eldery people went up between 1940 and 1980 and also after 2030 and reach a peak at 28 procent.
So, some people belive that universities should accept the same amount of men and women students in every subjects.
The difference between this criteria in Japan and other two countries is in the fact, that in Japan quantity of people aged 65 and over was decreasing to 1960, when in Sweden and USA this quantity was rising to about 1982.
In Japan the quantiny of that people was at the same level from 1960 to about 1985, after that it started to grow.
The nature made these interesting threat of character in us.
Also we have a few policewoman and woman, who work in the millitary sphere.
To my mind, groups should be formed by equal number of male and female as it can have an affect on students life and their future.
Regarding the USA, the number of population with the age of 65 and over was the highest in the beginning of the period, accounting for approximately 9 percent.
Subsequently, it will lead to the loss of efficiency and less developments.
It is also worth pointing out that the number of this age group fluctuated throughout the whole period and reached a peak at approximately a quarter of the country's population.
However, there is a tenancy to the number of adult population increasing.
In conclusion, the graph shows that the amount of people aged 65 and over will grow by 2040.
The percentage amount of swedish and american old people have been higher than Japan's.
People argue that the amount of male and female students have to be equal in each educational group.
There is no an essential need to count the number of male and female student, to change student's mind and to create discriminative social climate in each student group.
There were less undergraduate men in 1999 - only a bit more then 35%, thought the amount of female students was up to more then 70%.
Especially when those artist want the audience to see or to hear their masterpience.
The largest number of Master's degree was around men.
It can be also noticed that the total number of Bachelor's degree and Master's degree was as far as the same.
On the contrary, there is a dramatic gap in the amount of men and women getting a skilled vocational diploma.
The graph illustrates how many percent of men and women in Australia choose one of the levels of post-school qualifications in 1999.
As can be seen from the bar chart the proportion of men who chose post-school education is higher than the amount of women who held them in 1999.
The amount of men who held postgraduate diploma and the women who chose undergraduate diploma is nearly the same and accounts for 70%.
For instance government controll sexuality, smoking or alcoghol and refused to editors of film or books to use this topics.
However how to explaine to somebody about sexuality or desease, for example, if we can use this themes?
To sum up, I would like to say, that both opinions have their strong sides and I believe that in near future the balance between this two opinions will be found.
In conclusion, we can see the trend that shows the bigger amount of high-quilified men, comparing to women.
However, the number of student which got the bachelor's degree was not very high in both male and female sex, which was nearly 50%.
Overal, it is clear from the chart, that there was a rather high amount of well-educated people in Australia in 1999 with a easily-noticing disbalance to males, who seemed to be more educated.
And the amount of females who had the same kind of post-school qualification was less than 10 percent.
Overall, the number of females who had Undergraduate diploma and Bachelor's degree was greater than the amount of males with the same diplomas and degrees.
The amount of men here was more less than in any other post-school qualification.
I think that the government should give artists enough freedom, but sometimes it also can restrict their activities to save the public order in the country.
Another dramatic difference can be observed while examining the amount of men and women who got the post graduate diploma.
Observing the presented data, it should be noticed that in 1999 women made less succes comparing with female students.
As we can see, higher amount of men than women had skilled vocational diploma.
Moreover, females represented less that males in common amount of people who received postgraduate diploma and master's degree.
This chart illustate us the tendency, that in 1999, there were a big amount of men, who achieved more prestigeous qualification levels (Master's degree, Postgraduate degree), and in the same time, women ofently recieved degrees or diplomas with lower level, than men.
On the other hand, huge amount of people believe, that creative artists should always be given the freedom to express their own opinion, because it is art, and art have no limits, I can understand this people.
On this bar charts we can see different levels of post-school qualifications in Australia and the proportion of men and women who held them in 1999.
Censorship exanded in the Soviet Union, a lot of information was hidden from the citizens of our country.
It goes without saying that artists are people who need a lot of freedom in all ways for the possibility to create something.
Also, the amount of men who had postgraduate diploma in 1999 in higher and it was 70%.
The quantity of men stood at 60% and the amount of women was 40%.
For instance, in the Soviet Union there were not private orders, only the government had enough money to pay for the architectural services.
That is the reason, why we don't have buildings in art-noureaw or art-deco in Moscow, but a great amount of buildings in one architecture still of Stalin's ampire and after that in constructivism.
Some people like it, the others claim that government should prevent us from this artists because they can hurt us, so they think that artist should express their views according to rules, laws.
Nowaday people are wonder of Banxy's paints and pay a lot of money for tickets.
Thay can have good experientse in many area.
It's generally agreed that now many people have a dream to earn a lot of money without efforts.
First of all, if young people are encouraged to travel, they will have much possibilities to improve their life.
It's connected with the fact, that when you teach an age of 49, you are supposed to had a lot of work during your life, you made money, you already did all the necessaries, connected to your labour experience and you want to learn something new; that's the only reason why the youths prefer career and mature people choose their education programme in case they really interested in it.
We can easily explain it, as such people must have been working at these place for ages and now they are going to gain some new information and yet Phd degree, for instance.
It is needless to say that a great amount of people are mad about it.
As a result, they become more mature and they will make less mistakes or even avoid decisions which are likely to be wrong.
We can also notice that the amount of people from 40 to 49 years become students both in terms of interest and career, which percentage is at the rate of 40.
I summury, the number of support is bigger for people over 49 while they do it for their interest, whereas the 30 - 39 age group receive not so much support while studying for career purposes.
Firstly, waiting a year before entering university ma give you so much new emotions, as you are able to visit foreign countries, experise new activities, meat interesting people and make friends with them.
For instance, a financial problem, which might well prevent a person from spending a gap year beneficially, as special courses and travelling, cost a lot of money.
Meanwhile the numbers of student who studied for their interests increased from 10% people who were younger than 26 years to 70% at the age group of over 49 years.
Additionally, at the age of 40 - 49 the amount of people studied for career purposes and for their interest maintain the same level.
The amount of students supported by employers reached its peak at the age group "under 26" (about 70%).
It can be clearly seen, that the amount of students studying for some career purpouses decreases with the age, and, on contrary, the number of those studying for interest increases and reaches the peak in the oldest age group.
It is clearly demonstrated that amount of people who enter the university for career reasons much bigger in the age of 40 - 49 than over the age of 49.
To summurise this two graphs, we can say that results between ages are different.
They have no children, who need a lot of attention and much of time.
For example: judjing by the last two charts of the first graph, it is obvious that the amount of students over 49 years old who are chosen some course to be successful in their career is approximately 4 times less than the number of those who decided to study for their own interest.
The next interesting point is, however mainly the amount of students in the first graph differ quite a lot, the last but one two bars are absolutely equal, so among people between 40 and 49 years old it seems to be the same way, in which they prefer to study.
For those decisions people need enough time.
Sweden has the middle place (25 percent) between Japan (27 percent) and USA (23 percent)Some people think that the same amount of men and women should graduate university.
It means that the number of students can be decreased or increased for a long period of time until the amount of male and female becomes equal.
The diagrams describe the amount of people belonging to different age group who study for interest or for career.
The amount of people from age grows of 40 - 49 is equal both for cases of career estoblishment and simple interest.
Firstly, it is not real to accept equal numbers of male and female students in every subject because, there are many profession only for man and only for women.
The University can't predict how many women and men want to enter to High School in this years.
What is more, there is few number of men, who like humanitarian arts.
Generally, population of USA and Sweden people are simillar with one exeption in the period of the end of 1980's and 2060 and differs from Japanese as these period of fluctuation between 1940 and 2030 and dramatic rise in 2030.
First off all, proportion of USA and Sweden people twice as many than Japanese and accounts for 10%.
Nowadays, a lot of people agree that universities should give similar amount of places for male and female and offer equal rules.
Scientists made a lot of reaseorchers, that mentional much profitable work stratagies with children of men, either woman.
Both of the line are fluctuative rise and reach a peak in 2040.
And equal numbers of male and female in universities can be a good opportunity to get education for many people from different countries.
More than that, girls never would be a pilot, on this specialization universities don't accept them.
But on these specializations there are a lot of female, who want to do so, but can not.
The graph reprents information about the amount of people aged 65 and over proportionally and according to the period of time between 1940 and 2040 in the USA; Japan and Sweden.
Secondly, it is impossible to evaluate each number of places in universities according to fact that nathionwide the amount of femenes exceed the number of males.
This people think that this reason can have affect on students.
Some people think that the number of male and female taking one course should be the same, others think otherwise in my opinion, there is no place for universities to accept the equal numbers of male and female because it is not reasonable then every people hase his own preferences and it is hard to change the stable situation in universities.
There are many points of view on the question if universities should limited the number of each sex in every subject or not.
To sum up, the main reason why the idea of limiting number of each sex is really awful is the destroying of human rights.
The main tendency is a growth of number of senior population to 2040.
Some people tend to think that universities can destroy problem of gender by accepting the same number of male and female.
For instance, there are too few male in huminatarian fields such as studying languages, law, political science, journalistic and so on.
As for technical subjects the problem is the same - there are too much guys and a few girls.
At the first time I wanted to answer that I completely agree with accepting equal numbers of male and female.
In detail, as for USA and Sweden - they have quite a similar dynamic: the number of "older" population in these countries rose steadily till the begining of 1980 and then was exchanged by a period of stagnation: in USA this period was a bit longer, than in Sweden: till 2020 (compared to 1985 in Sweden) .
While passing this exam students choose subjects they are interested in and them show the results of the test in universities they'd like to study.
Sweden had a reduction of population of these group since 1980's to the end of 1990's but now population is dramatically growing.
The second reason I think this point of view should supported is a possibility of appearing amount of famous researchers and scientists in different disciplines where male personse were in majority.
According to the topic of this work we are able to discover a lot of talented woman in such disciplines as physics and maths so it can become an impact to new scientific revolution.
The table have three graphs of differences between countries of amount of people not younger than 65 years old.
In 1940 Japan had the lowest percentage of old people in the country, Sweden had a few percent: more (about 7%) and in USA it was about 9% of population aged 65 and over.
Although then in 2030 Japan sharply peaked and it was the highest number of population aged 54 and over on this graph at all.
So, because of that reasons, I can't agree with the statement - idea is good, but not quite good in reality situation.
As an example we can take Sweden or other Northern social - democracies that pay too much money for the equity of every person in the university and sometimes it hurts the full educational process and the problem of funding of some educational spheres in this countries is really striking.
Overall, it can be noticeably seen that the amount of senior citizens to the population of these three countries has had a tendency to rise and it is going to be increased even more dramatically.
Nowadays there is a belief that suggest accepting the same amount of female and male students in every field of study.
And in the section "40 - 49" the amount of people from both groups is equal.
In the first picture, it can be seen that the biggest number of student is under 26 years old and they study for career.
However, for example, teenagers cannot have enough money, and the gap year can help them.
A gap year after school has been getting a lot of media resources coverage nowadays because of it's popularity.
When a person finishes school and starts independent life very often she or he has not enough money to live.
In my opinion there are two main causes of these problem and they are very complicated.
But sometimes it is hard to get enough knowledge facing with disoder and lack of dicipline.
Students have to fulfill various tasks all the time, so they have not enough lea sure time that they are trying to compensate it by means of misbehaviour.
In 1979 there were about 10 millions people for both categories.
There were about 50 millions people in 1999.
And for UK residents the most popular country in this time was France, there were about 11 millions people who visited it from the UK, however Turkey visited about 2 millions people.
For example, in 1979 the UK was visited by 10 millions people.
It reached a peak in 1999, in this year the UK was visited by 25 millions residents.
For example, in arabic counties existe traditionall "teaching" when student must appreciate and respect of tradition, family, and according then in this countries good behaviour.
To conclude, we can say that between 1979 and 1999 the amount of visits abroad by UK citizens was bigger than visits to the United Kingdom and Spain was the most preferable travel choice for the British people in 1999.
The situation started to change and in the mid 80th about 20 millions of UK residents visited places outside the country.
After that both amount of visits to and from the UK started to grow rapidly.
By the end of year 1999 about 55 millions of UK residents were traveling abroad and more than 25 millions of people were visiting UK.
By 1999 France was the most popular country to visit for UK residents, with more than 10 millions of UK visitors having already making a trip there.
In conclusion, while after 80th amount of travels started to grow, France and Spain became the most popular countries for visiting.
For developing societies the main reason is as well as not enough good condition of life; awful condition of education system.
France is the most popular with more than 10 millions of UK visitors in 1999 and Spain tooks the second place with pretty less than 10 millions.
USA,Greece and Turkey are less popular with only about 2,5 - 3,5 millions of UK tourists.
It is often that parents do not pay enough attention to the process of nursing that includes making a child like learning.
We can see that the number of visits of people who went to UK was 10 millions in 1979.
In 1979 visits from UK were 12 millions.
It rose slowly as the number of visits of people who come to UK but in 1999 the number of abroad visits were 52 millions.
The most popular country whereUK residents visited in 1999 was France (11 millions).
On the second place we can see Spain that have bee visited by 9 millions of UK visitors.
The most popular country in 1999 was France that have been visited by 11 millions of UK visitors.
They get a lot of not only positive and usefull information but, of course, they get from TV something that change their mind to wrong, bad way.
I strongly believe that all this problems can be solved, if teacher and student try it.
The graph shows the changes in amount of visits made by people to and from the Great Britain over a two decade period.
However, the visits to foreign countries were much more common starting at nearly 13 millions reaching the 54 millions in the end of the period.
Overall, the amount of travels from the UK made by british people exceeded the number if visits to the British Islands owing more than 10 millions of people go to France.
In 1979, more than 10 millions people travelled abroad.
From 1979 to 1999 this number of people have encreased to 53 millions.
By the way, the number of people who visited the UK be overseas residents is more that 25 millions.
And more than 10 millions UK's people prefer to go in France.
Then it increased again, but more steeply and increased to 25 millions by 1999.
The amount of UK visits abroad went up slowly until 1986, but then rose steeply and had peaked at 54 millions in 1999.
Over 20 millions UK visitors were in Spain and France.
In conclusion, it is clear that the amount of visits to and from the UK rose between 1979 and 1999, and about a half of all visitors from UK traveled to France and Spain.
They have not enough time to look for every child.
According to the first chart, the amount of travel to and from the UK rased from about 10 millions in 1979 for both cathegories to 26(28) millions by overseas residents and 53 millions of visits by UK residents in 1999.
Until 1985 two lines climbed up for about 5 millions visits, but after the number of visits abroad by UK residents rocketed up significantly.
Following to the second chart, the most popular country to visit by UK residents in 1999 was France (11 millions), in the second place was Spain; the gap between other three popular countries - USA, Geece and Turkey - was significant.
In 1999 53 millions of UK residents went abroad; half of them visited five lusted in the second graph countries.
There are several explanation of that situation; I think, the main reason of issues with bad behaviour at school is the lack of parents' role in education, which is dismissed by influence of mass media.
If parents spend more time with their children, this problems won't be so huge.
Other countries such as Turkey, Greece and USA accounted to the number, which is less than 5 millions of UK visitors.
Today internet provide a lot of information, which is sometimes is not suitable for a child.
Also in 1999 the most popular place for UK residents were France (about 12 millions of UK visitors per year) and Spain (even less then 10 millions of UK visitors).
For instanse, even if only one student behaves himself in a wrong way, it may lead to many student who will act the same.
At first there were about 20 millions of people who visited abroad from 1979 to 1984, after this year the number of these people was constantly increasing and in 1999 reached about 52 millions.
According to the second chart the most popular country visited by UK residents at this period of time was France, which was visited by about 11 millions of people of people that accounts for a large percent of the whole UK people going abroad.
The second popular country among countries where UK residents prefered to go to is Spain, about 9 millions of visitors.
The number was increasing through the years from 10 to about 28 millions.
I'd like to talk about the reasons at this phenomena and suggest some possible solutions.
From the first graph it can be seen that the number of overseas residents was about 10 millions and approximately 12.
5 millions of the UK residents strongly jumped to 30 millions and continue grow up reaching about 53 millions in 1999.
At the same time the number of visits to the UK by overseas residents start to increase and got to about 28 millions in 1999.
The percentage of UK visitors reached about 11 millions in 1999.
5 millions of UK tourists).
5 millions).
In the first graph we can see that visits abroad by UK residents between periods 1997 and 1999 was becoming more and more, from 13 millions to 53 millions of them.
The second graph shows that UK residents prefered visiting France, about 12 millions of them, in 1999, what is more, UK residents rarely visited Turkey, about 3 millions of them in 1999.
In the first graph we can also see the information about overseas residents from 1979 to 1999, and they also was becoming more and more from 10 to 29 millions.
In my point of view there is a vast majority of causes of this problems.
Personally I think, there are a lot of approaches to this problems.
As we see it on one of the charts in 1999 France have visited about 11 millions of UK visitors.
In 1979 the difference was comparedly small - 14 millions versus 10 millions, but over the 20 years the difference became drastical.
The graphs describes travelling abroad from the UK and the same time the amount of visitors of this country between 1979 and 1999 with the information given about the most attractive countries to visit for UK residents according to 1999.
Then, the trend saw a gradual rise levelled off at 20 millions in 1985.
After that, there was a dramatical growth over the next 14 years hitting the peak at more than 50 millions in 1999.
In contrast, the figure experienced a stable rise over the period starting at 10 million visitors in 1979 and reaching the number of almost 30 millions by the end of the period.
5 millions on overage.
If we look more careful, we might notice that between years 1984 and 1989 there was a slight growth of travellers from both groups while British people visited various places often than from British 20 millions and over 14 millions respectively.
In the period between 1979 and 1984, visits abroad by UK residents increase of 8 millions, and visits to the UK by overseas residents grow of 3 millions.
However, the most popular countries for UK residents to visit have a lot of difference with visits to and from the UK.
It can be seen, that visits to the UK by overseas residents only 29 millions people, butNowadays, education quality has been improved noticeably, serious problems with students behaviours are still happening.
Parents don't have a lot of free time, because they only work.
In the beginning of the period, there are 10 millions of people who stayed in the UK from other countries.
After 1985 there was a increase in the number of the residents who visited after countries, the figure peaks at 52 millions in 1999.
On the contrary, the line for the overseas residents grew stadibly during the period from 1990 to 1999, peaking at 27 millions of the residents in 1999.
The number of people, who had visited France by 1999 is 11 millions, which is slightly different from the number of people, who visits Spain, which is under 10 millions of people.
Then the number of visits abroad rocketed up to 30 millions and the number of visits to the UK rocketed up to 20 millions.
In 1999 the number of visits abroad overstepped the point of 50 millions and the number of visits to the UK almost reached the point of 30 millions.
Over 10 millions of UK residents visited France and almost 10 millions - Spain.
About 4 millions of UK visitors travelled to the USA, about 3 millions travelled to Greece and only 2 millions to Turkey.
To look more precisely at the first chart, there was slight difference between numbers of UK travelers and foreign travelers in 1979, which accounted approximately 13 millions and 10 millions respectively.
This difference had increased substantially by 1999, making up to 28 millions and 54 millions respectively.
Due to the information about the most preferred countries by the English in 1999, the most popular ones were France and Spain which are visited by 11 millions and 8 millions people.
USA was the third most visited country (roughly 4 million of people), while Greece and Turkey were the forth and fifth ones (3 millions and 2 millions respectively).
The number of visits abroad by UK residents instantly grew by 40 millions over the period from 1979 to 1999.
The second place in 1999 went to Spain, wich was visited approxiematly 10 millions.
The less popular country in 1999 was Turkey, less than 2 millions residents visited it.
However, while US residents tended to go abroad, the number of visits to the UK was about 30 millions.
Nevertheless, comparing the graph and the bar chart, it becomes clear that the highest point of visits to the UK is about 30 millions while the highest point of UK residents visited France is about 10 millions which makes a great differ.
This origins from the feeling that the way somebody treats them is unfair.
Overall, it is seen that figures of people who visited the UK and UK tourists show similar tendency in growth, but the latter number is higher at the end of the period (52 million in comparison with 2 million of tourist to the UK).
Then just these figured grew slightly and in approximately seven years reached the points of 20 millions and near 12 millions respectively.
After that there was a significant growth in the number of visits abroad by UK residents and by the end of the shown period in 1999 this figure stayed at the point of more than 50 millions visits.
After the middle of 80-s it became grow a lot and reached a number of 50 millions by 1999.
The most popular country which UK residents visited in 1999 is France, it's result is over 10 millions of visitors.
In next position is Spain with 9 millions approximately and USA has less than 5 millions of visitors from United Kingdom.
As far as I am concerned, problems with student behaviour appear when they do not have enough control.
About a half of these visitors prefered France and Spain, because almost 11 millions of UK visitors traveled to France in 1999, and about 10 millions to Spain.
Overall, it is obvious that both of the selected trends had been rising reaching their peaks by 1999, where the most popular country to visit became France with about 11 millions of UK visitors out of almost 54 millions of all UK residents who moved abroad.
Overall, there can be many situation of this problem, but the most problem is that most of the teachers do not really desire to change anything in their methods of teaching.
In the 1979 it was about 12 millions people, in the 1985 it was 20 millions.
) from 54 millions from 1994.
From the 20 years number of visitors by overseas residents are encreased by 16 millions.
(about 11 millions).
(about 9 millions).
That about USA, Greece and Turkey, they are based in the end of the list, because the number of people, who wanted go to this countries, was from 2 to 4 millions.
But why this problems are severe?
Of course, some people want go to school and become more and more clever, but the number of this puples are very small.
Moreover, in some cases children want to take a lot of attention, and they can do some bad things.
The chart describes the amount of houses from different urban areas in one European country in which Internet had already provided.
For instance, the amount of rural households owning the Internet was 50 per cent, while the percentage of urban houses with Internet was onlyn15 per cent.
Overall, the chart shows that in urban areas the amount of houses with Internet is much bigger than in rural areas.
As a result, if children will know it, they will estimate the great importance of these theme and realise that they are the part of natural world too.
It is necessary to mention that this improvements give prople an opportunity to have well-paid job or chances to promotion of career (level), but the main problem of this countries achievements is shortage time.
When it comes to her children, she prefers to go for a walk everyday during one or two hours.
This programmes can be trip to famous places or to sea.
At the begining - in the 1999, less amount of people were using Internet.
In the time of industrialization, less people are walking outside enjoing nature.
Also, this modern life style can be unhealthy for children, because they don't get many important components^ sunshine bright, fresh air and many other things.
About 2000 millions people go through it annually.
In both Kyoto and Los Angeles approximately 50 millions people use subway every year.
Paris takes the second place about how many person use the subway in year: it's about 1191 millions, but kilometres of route bigger - 199.
Despite the fact that London has the subway a many years ago, only 775 millions man and women road on this kind of transportation, but this city has the biggest kilometres of route - 394.
There are some old stations with great amout of passengers comparing with quite new ones which have noticibly less passengers.
Firstly, this stations are highly different in passengers amount.
For example 1927 millions people use Tokyo underground per year while only 45 millions passengers were counted in Kyoto's underground railway.
The oldest underground railway was opened in London in 1863, and it has about 775 passengers per year, at the same time undergroud in Los Angeles was build just in 2001 and have 15th times less passengers than in London.
It is interesting to see that dispite of the London's underground is the biggest one, Tokyo underground has more passengers per year about 1927 millions, but London has about 775 millions.
What is more, the shortest underground has the smallest number of passengers per year only about 45 millions.
There are 1927 millions of passengers use underground railways during year.
In Paris and London 1191 millions and 775 millions of passengers move by railway similarly.
While London has the oldest the underground railway system, it serves less people than Tokyo or Parsi.
Few number of people use Kyoto's underground, it got just 45 million passengers.
The quantity of urban and suburban households having an access to the Internet was ten times bigger than an amount of rural houses (15% and 15% respectively).
By the end of this period the percentage of countryside houses connected to the Internet was about 35% what was more than a half of an amount of urban houses (55%).
The person who tries all the best of life when he is adult gets less emotions for the rest of his life.
To sum up, it is harder for children to spend a lot of time outside learning the nature now than it was before because of crazy life rhythm but there are quite a lot of possibilities to do it if they want.
As can be seen on the graph the number of household with Internet access increased between 1999 and 2004.
It is obvious that children nowadays spend much less time walking outdoors and a lot of time they stay at home.
They are air pollution, watter pollution, a lot of litter around us and so on.
On the whole, urbanized population used twice as much Internet facilities as suburban households.
Unfortunately, nowadays for a great number of even talented childrent it would be a hard neet to crack to indicate a maple or an oak in the forest.
The number of the group reached a peak of nearly 55% in 2004.
Apparently, many tree are knocked down and woods are cleaned out, resulting natural calamity and this is due to inefficient love and respect towards the environment.
Nowadays children lead sedentary style of life, they study at school, do their homework and play computer games, all this actions have no common with nature.
In this essay reasons why children should know more about our nature will be done.
In recent years, people have done a lot of damage, polluted air and water, created a lot of garbage.
To sum it up, children is next generation and they have responsibility to save nature, to prevent it from pollution and others negative effects that create human-being, because of that children should learn to understand and appreciate nature.
Thus, children can be capable with both of this things, spending time not only for surfing the web, but also for tourism and expeditions.
To sum it up, there was a significant increase in the amount of internet users from urban areas while contrary to the suburban usersNobody can deny the fact that nowadays children do not spend much time outside and time at home, school and other buildings, so that is why they do not have any connection with the nature.
And I totally agree, they need to spend a lot of their time outdoors in order to appreciate nature.
For instance, teenagers, who don't like to be at home and spend a lot of time in the forest or park, for example, know more about animals and plants, which are situated there.
The children can tell this information friends and relatives, and their outlook to the natural world will be expand.
Nowadays it is believed that children can not spend a lot of time outdoors and explore the nature and the world around them because our life pace is too fast and changing.
The reason is that nowadays the best toy for that children is their phones and their other gadgets.
It is clearly seen that Apple has the highest results for this five years.
As adults spend a lot of time working, children have not enough time to communicate with them.
But their plans may be ruined, because they had not enough time to ask their children whether they wanted this journey or not.
Unfortunately, I know many example, when children who spend their spare time on their own get to know the dark sides of life such as tobacco, alcohol and even drugs.
First of all, companies can save their money on paying less money workers from poor countries.
Correspondingly, less people use desktops in the year 2013.
From the first diagram we can see that the number of desktop Facebook users has slightly decreased in 2013 (about 130 millions) in comparison to 2012 (about 150 millions), however, the number of users of the mobile version has dramatically grown.
The difference between 2102 and 2013 is about 40 millions.
As we can see, in the March of 2012 and in the March of 2013 the proportion of people using Facebook on the desktops are on the same level (near 140 millions of users).
But in the same time the percentage of people using Facebook on the mobile phones is increased rapidly and in the beginning of the year of 2013 it reaches more than 95 millions of users.
For this reason, the longer prison sentences can help to decrease the number of criminality.
A bigger amount of police also can help country to reduce more crime.
This gives us insight into the methods used in this survey: perhaps each respondent could give an arbitrary number of reasons for using Facebook, and men gave less answers in general.
While it's certain that some people turn to crime simply because they stumbled upon an opportunity to do so and seemingly get away with it, for a large number of people crime was a desperate, last-resort measure.
It can be deduced from the graph that the world from 2009 to 2011 the world total investment showes-d steady growth from 168 billions to 279 billions, making approximately two-time increase.
Similarly, the investment in developed countries showed growth from 100 billions to 150 billions from 2009 to 2011.
Speaking about developing countries, the investment showed growth from approximately 30 billions in 2006 to 100 billions in 2012, making three-times increase.
Secondly, there are less taxes and charges for companies, making the production of their goods more cheap.
Thirdly, developing countries have fewer laws about the environment and all kinds of pollution, which helps companies produce their goods with less losses.
Comparing to the developed countries, the total amount of investments is almost twice lower over the entire period.
First of all when a global company goes to a new countries, especially ones with a poor population, it creates a huge amount of working places.
The amount of money companies are giving to locals is lower than they would have to pay in developed countries for the same job.
They start looking for a new place which takes a lot of time in developed countries nowadays.
However, the amount of people using Facebook on their desktop device decreased slightly from 150 to just over 130 million.
It makes a lot of sense, even I would never decide to commit burglary if there was a chance I could land in jail for 10 rather than 2 years, for instance.
These two bar charts which are given in this task illustrate changes in the use of Facebook from 2012 to 2013.
The most popular usage of Facebook was with an decktop access in 2012 and there were about 150 millions of users.
2013 the amount of the usage of this social network was slightly reduced, therefore about 140 millions of people used their desctops for an access to Facebook.
2012 mobile usage of Facebook was rather unpopular because only a little bit less than 60 millions of people used this device for chatting in this social network.
Many people believe that the best way to make amount of crimes less is to give longer prison sentences.
The diagram and graph that are given present the total amount of investments in the world's energy innovations during the period from 2006 to 2013 among the whole world, including not only developed,but still developing countries.
We can see that people begin to use their mobile phones much more than desktops - the difference counts approximately 20 millions of users less in 2013 than in 2012.
First of all it is noticeable that the amount of people using Facebook on the desktop has decreased from March 2012 about 150 million users to March 2013 less than 140 million users, while the number of people using Facebook on their cellphone shows an upward trend from less than 40 million users to more than 80 million users.
On the other hand,taking care of criminals takes a lot of money.
The data shows that the use of mobile version of Facebook has significantly grew up (from 55 to 95 millions) during the period between March 2012 and March 2013, while the amount of users who log in Facebook on their Personal Computers has decreased from 150 to 135 millions.
This is likely to mean that about 15 million of Internet users have joint the social network through this time and about 15 millions of people who had already use the Facebook started to observe the news only by their mobile devices.
I personally believe that this new trend of moving companies to poorer regions makes a lot of sense.
It permits to compare the pace of growth and the differences in the amount of investments.
As it can be deduced from the first graph, the main tendency in using Facebook during the analyzed period is the growth of amount of users who prefer mobile devices from about 60 millions in 2012 to approximately 100 millions in 2013.
However, communicating in the social network via PC remained the most popular way of using Facebook, even though the slight decline from about 150 millions of users to less than 140 millions is evident.
Starting from 2006 till 2008 an amount of investements in renewable energy was steadely rising in both the developed and developing countries.
In 2011 an amount of investements in the developed countries reached its peak of about 180 Bn.
Almost the same tendency was in the developing countries, where an amount of investements began to fall after the 2012 and in 2013 it was about 95 Bn.
The graphs given describe the amount of Facebook users during a year between March 2012 and March 2013.
It can be deduced from the graph, that the use of desktop version by men and women differed slightly, showing a small gap between 145 millions (women) and 127 millions (men).
In contrast, the popularity of the mobile version among women demonstated a 100 millions downfall compared to that of the desktop version (47), while men used it almost twice as much (87 millions users).
About 40% of general interest was in receiving updates and seeing funny posts, and the smallest amount of people used Facebook for learning about ways to help others.
Of course, it had enough time to show itself relevant, and it also has deep psychological roots.
The first bar chart shows that during the year the number of people who logged in to the social net with their computers decreased from 150 millions to about 138 millions, while the number of those who prefered the mobile phone rose from 59 millions to 98 millions.
Some people consider giving longer prison sentences is the best decision to cut down the number of crime.
The graphs below depict how did the amount of users of Facebook change and what they use it for.
The amount of people who use mobile phones increased of almost two times.
As we can see on the first cart, people started using mobile version more in March 2013 (approximately 100 millions of users) than it was in march 2012 (approximately 60 millions of users).
At the same time the usage of deskop verson decreased in March 2013 (approximately 140 millions of users).
In March 2012 deskop version was used by approximately 150 millions of users.
The two pair of columnes give us information about the amount of users who chose secktop or mobile version of the site.
The left striped columns shows that the amount of users who give their preferation to decktop computers in MArch 2012.
This amount is about 150 millions people.
The right stript column illustates the number of users who chose the mobile version, it is about 58 millions.
The amount of users who prefered desktop reduced to 138 millions and the users preder mobile phone app increased from about 98 millions.
Moreover, the amount of prisoners would increase and it could be a problem becouse their keeping is not the cheepest thing.
I think that we should combine both this ways but we shouldn't be fanatics.
In conclusion I would like to say that in the battle with crimes we should we should use as our first weapon talks and understanding, suppoting and motivation, but only after that strict measures like a strict sentences.
However, since March 2012 by March 2013 the number of people using the desktop version had decreased from the rate of 150 millions to 135 millions of users.
At the same time, there had become more users of mobile version with the rates of 55 and 95 millions of users in March 2012 and in March 2013 relatively.
And while in March 2012 there were almost three times less users of mobile version, the difference in numbers in March 2013 was not as significant -- 135 millions of users of desktop version and 95 millions of users of mobile version.
Then there was a sharp decrease so by 2013 the worldwide outlay accounted for 214 billions.
The developed countries invested approximately 70 billion dollars in 2007, te funding remained fairly high over four years, in 2009 it atarted to grow and peaked in 2011 accounting for nearly 170 billions.
The investment started to diminish in 2011 and by 2013 it accounted for approximately 120 billions.
The volume of investnent in developing countries was around 25 billions in 2006, then there was a steady growth in the outlay over a period of six years so by 2012 the amount of money was more than a hundred billions.
Hver, it is widely known that they are not payed a lot of money, because local oppeople usually are not well qualified.
There are a lot of cases when the innocent nature is destroyed by the big corporations, which may influence different areas, for example, tourism, which is a main source of income in many developping countriea as well as agricultture, which is clocely connected to the environment and can be influenced by the invasion of big companies.
The first chart concentrates on the amount of users that changed over a year, while the second illustrates the purposes for being online.
According to the presented information, from 2012 to 2013 the amount of people who used Facebook through their desktops declined by 20 millions.
Controversely, the usage of Facebook through mobile devices increased significantly from aproximately 55 millions to almost 100 millions of people.
In 2006 the amount of money spent by this type of countries on renewable energy was 75 billions of dollars.
Next three years (2007-2009) investments provided for resourses was about 110-100 billions of dollars.
In 2012 developed countries spent 140 billions on energy resourses, in 2013 the amount was 120 billions of dollars.
As we can see the amount of spendings of developed countries are different each year.
From 2006 to 2012 we can see how investments were growing from 25 billions to 110 billions of dollars.
There is an increase from 100 billions to 279 in 6 years, then a decrease from 279 to 214 billions in three last years.
First thing to be mentioned is that there is two noticeable changings: the reduction in amount of desktop users from more than 140 million to less than 140 million people and the highly increased number of people who use mobile phones from less than 60 million to nearly one hundred million people.
In 2013, comparing with 2012, less people use Facebook to see funny pictures or learn about ways to help others.
After all, the amount of people who spend their time in this social network is decreased if we compare March 2012 and the same month of 2013 year.
According to charts, there is the reduce (from approximately 150 millions of users to 130 millions) of using Facebook by desktop, comparing March 2012 and March 2013.
Meanwhile, the number of people, who use their mobiles, increase almost in double time (from approximately 50 millions of users to approximately 95 millions).
The first chart shows us that the usage of Facebook increased from 2012 to 2013, as it was over 200 millions of users in 2012 and over 220 in 2013.
However, the amount of users changed only because of the people, who used Facebook by mobile version.
That why I believe, that methods, that are used in the Norwegian jails are better, than just giving longer prison sentences.
Nevertheless, we can see a tend to decrease for the number of desktop users(from about 150 millions in March 2012 to a little bit more than 130 millions in March 2013) and for mobile users to increase in number(from about 60 millions in March 2012 to almost 100 millions in March 2013).
For example, to my knowledge, there is a proved correlation between an average income level and an amount of crimes.
The figures of investment made by developing countries rises sharply from less then 50 billions in 2006 to aproximately 110 billions in 2012 demonstrating four-time increase.
Then expenditure remain constant only accounting for about 170 billions.
After that the figure uncreases dramatically from 180 billions in 2009 to approximately 279 billions in 2011.
Still, from 2011 till 2013 spending on such energy declines reaching only 214 billions.
Such companies pay money for land, worker, assuarance and, in many case, bring there their own experts so to educate the workers and to introduce modern technologies into the plants and factories.
The international companies almost always invest in many charity organisation and give extra investment into the economy.
The desktop version of the site is overall more popular with users than the mobile version, with the number of desktop Facebook users being higher than 100 billions, and the number of mobile Facebook users less than 100 billions.
As for the changes, the number of desktop users have decreased slightly from approximately 150 billions to less than 140 billions, while the numbers of mobile Facebook users have increased from less than 60 billions to almost 100 billions.
Sharing photos/videos seems to be the main reason for both women and men, with the numbers of 54% and 39% respectively.
The least important reason for both women and men turned out to be learning about ways to help others, with numbers of 35% and 25% respectively.
All things considered, longer imprisonment might not be the solution we are looking for, while a good quality of life and proper education could reduce the amount of crimes, at least the smaller ones.
According to the first graph, use of desktop version of Facebook slightly decreased from March 2012 to March 2013 in approximately 20 millions of users.
However, desktop version was still more popular than mobile version in March 2013 (and in March 2012 too): there was about 130 millions and 97 millions of people correspondingly.
That is why excluding people who have commited a crime from the society may help to prevent further incidents given that a remarkable amount of crimes is commited by ex-prisoners.
Also, local workers are often uneducated, underqualified and not suited for the work that's up to them, so a lot of money has to be spent on their training before beginning to gain profits.
The data of the first chart are provideded in the amount of users (in millions), it also presents the means which were used by them to connect the social network.
As it can be noticed, the major amount of users was in March 2012 - about 150 millions, which used Dekstop to connect the network.
But in April the number of dekstop users has declined to about 135 millions.
In comparison with 2012, when it calculated about 60 millions of users, it demonstrated a 1,5 times growth.
It can be also noticed that there was a higher number of women consumption of the Facebook content: they were more active in seeing funny posts (43%) and learning about ways to help others (35%).
The population has not enough work and the companies are demanding more quality recruitment.
Thirdly, in this case more goods will be present in small or poor countries and because of this people there can live better and have wider choice.
It can be deduced from the first table, that both female and male people used desktop for entering Facebook almost equally during the period from 2012 to 2013 (about 150 millions and 135 millions respectively).
Speaking about checking Facebook with mobiles, it can be noticed that the number of women that used mobile phones was almost twice smaller than the number of men (around 55 and 95 millions respectively).
Overall, it can be stated that the international companies business development in the poorest countries raise enormous amount of different types of problems, as social, economical and environmental.
The first chart shows that the number of people using Facebook on dekstop decreased from 150 millions in March 2012 to about 130 millions in March 2013, while the amount of people using Facebook on the mobile increased from about 30 millions in March 2012 to 90 millions in March 2013.
A little fall in the year 2009 of the investments in renewable energy in developed countries caused the same fall in the total world spending (from 171 to 168 billion dollars), while the amount of investments in developing countries was still growing up.
We can see that amount of users chatting on Facebook using a computer in 2012 and 2013 is practically equal with 150 millions of users in 2012 and about 130 millions in 2013.
In 2013 the popularity of mobile has risen from about 60 millions of people to about 100 of users.
Taking everything into consideration I want to say that before giving longer prison sentences we have to look inside this prisons and think about benefits which will have prisoners after their term.
After it, until 2013 the number of investment has begun to decrease dramatically: at the end of this period world total investment was 214 $Bn.
If the company will employ many people, it will save it a lot of money.
But sometimes the company may have no choice, employ everyone and later have to solve new problems which were caused by this workers.
Moreover, the amout of investments increased significantly from about 75 billions in 2006 to approximately 170 billions in 2001 demonstrating nearly free-time growth.
However, it should be said that after this increase the amount fell down to approximately 120 billions.
Overall, it can be stated that the amount of investments in renewable energy in developed and developing countries went up during this period of time from about 75 to 120 and from 30 to approximately 90 respectively.
Secondly, in this countries can be cheaper material, but also good as in developed countries.
It can be deduced from the first chart that the amount of people using Facebook from desktop during this period of time decreased from approximately 150 to 135 millions of users.
By contrast, the amount of people who used Facebook from mobile increased from approximately 55 to 95 millions.
The labour of local people can be paid less because in much cases the level of unemployment is very high in poor countries, so those people do not have a choise what kind of work to do.
To my mind, the government of each country should pay a lot of attention on this question and encourage people to be cultivee, well - educated and responsible.
In 2012 approximately 150 million of people used their Facebook profiles; however, only 50 millions used the mobile version.
In contrast, the number of those using mobile phones increased and reached about 90 millions.
On the other hand, the government and security can try to eliminate the increasing number of theft and other crimes like vandalism by making people doing social works.
At the same time, mobile devices increased in popularity: the number of their usage has raised from less than 60 million to almost 100 million, which makes a 40 million growth.
And 35% women also claim that they use Facebook to learn about the ways to help others, while 10% less men showed interest in it.
In addition, a lot of workforce kept in prisons doing manual work would not contribute to the economic welfare of a country.
The number of desktop users declined from about 150 to 55 millions.
The rate of mobile users decreased from about 135 to 95 millions.
In world totally the number of invested money was increasing from 2006 to 2011 (except for year 2009 when number went from 171 billion dollars to 168).
In 2012 the amount of users of Facebook on desktops was high, over 140 millions of people, while the amount of people who use Facebook on their mobiles was significantly lower, approximately only 60 millions of people.
However, in 2013 the amount of users who use Facebook on mobiles rose by 40 millions of people, at the same time people less check their account on Facebook with the help of desktops in 2013 that they used to do in in 2012, the amount dropped from 150 millions of people to 135 millions of people.
In today's fast-moving world many people maintain that the most effective way to reduce amount of crimes is to keep those who committed a crime in prison for a longer time.
Therefore, if sometime in the future it decides to develop its own businesses, it will have enough money, educated people and other resources to do that.
Even though there are many advantages for companies, there is one obvious disatvantage - poor countries are not the best place for doing business, because people living there have not enough money.
So, having all this concerned international companies do not have to pay too much for the work done by these people.
If people have no knowledge of how to do some kind of work, they need quite a lot of time to learn how to do it and still it does not prove that they would learn how to do it properly.
The world total level of investment in renewable energy has rose up rapidly in 2009, reached the peak in 2011 and gone down in 2013, ending with the investment level of 214 billions of dollars.
The slightest difference is reached in 2013 with difference of 40 billions, comparable with 2010, when the difference in investment was the most dramatic - nearly 70 billion dollars.
Furthermore, in 2006 the level of investment in both developed and developing countries was less than 80 billions, comparable to 2013 with the maximum of 130 billions in developed countries.
They do not get enough sleep, the conditions they work at do not correspond to stated norms and rules.
It can be stated from the graph that people used desktop actively to follow Facebook both in 2012 (150 millions of users) and 2013 (135 million of users).
Speaking about learning about ways to help others, this issue motivated men amd women less then other reasons (25 % and 35%).
The number of overall investment increased from 100 billion dollars to 279 billion dollars in 2011 and then decreased to 214 billion dollars in 2013.
Secondly, such business provides great amount of working places for poor people and increases their level of wellness.
However, this kind of business may not be profitable as the supplyment and export should be organized and this costs may be harmful for business.
As it is seen from the diagram the number of people who prefer to use desktop at the beginning of the period reaches approximately 150 millions while the number of mobile users exceeds 40 millions.
However, the next year the level of desktop users falls below 140 millions whereas the level of phone users charply increases to circa 100 million people.
It can be deduced from the first chart that the number of people using mobile versions of Facebook nearly doubled during the period under discussion reaching approximately 100 millions of users in March 2013.
By contrast, the number of people which prefered the desktop version decreased, yet, not dramatically: from approximately 150 millions of users to around 135 millions.
It should be noted that the number of people of both genders using Facebook on a desktop is higher than those using their mobile phones (150 millions of people in March 2012 comparing to almost 60 millions of users).
The number of cell phones users has been increased for 40 millions of people.
As for line part of the grapf, describing world total investments, we can see that at the beginning from 2006 to 2009 it slightly grows, starting with 100 billion dollars per year, than it increases sharply between 2009 and 2011 with having a peak in 2011 with 279 billion dollar amount of investments, and after that it goes a little down, declinind to 2013 to 214 billion dollar.
In 2013 the number of people using Facebook at desktops proved to be a little bit smaller than in 2013 with rates 150 and 138 millions (approximately).
The information given depicts the fluctuations in the amount of users of Facebook during the period from 2012 to 2013 and the reasons that caused their interest in this particular social network.
It can be deduced from the first graph that in March 2012 approximately 150 millions people used Facebook by their desktops, and it made it the most successful year for the network during the whole period under discussion.
On the contrary, mobile users were the least active in this period - only less than 60 millions people.
However, by the March 2013 the amount of those, who used Facebook by mobile phones, nearly doubled and by this twofold increase almost reached the index of 100 millions.
The amount of desktop users was more stable and had only a small decline from 150 to approximately 139 millions.
Furthermore, the amount of recidives is so sizeable that it must be taken into consideration.
From my point of view (despite the fact that my opinion may seem too superficial), all these ways may be combined in order to prevent the human from crime and to reduce the amount of such situations.
According to the graph, the considerable growth can be seen from 2006 to 2011 reaching the peak point in 2011 with the amount of 180 bn dollars then going down to 130 bn dollars in 2013 for developed countries.
This fact shows that there are still a vast amount of people working under the same conditions that the others who have already moved anywhere used to work.
Nowadays, the amount of various crime has a social interest and there are a lot of different ways to decrease these.
It can be deduced from the first graph that the use of Facebook on Desktop decreased during the period under discussion from approxomately 150 millions of users in 2012 to 130 millions of users in 2013.
Speaking about the use of Facebook on mobile, it increased dramatically showing practically a two time grouth from 50 millions of users in 2012 to 95 millions of users in 2013.
To begin with, if criminals stay in prison for a longer period, they will have enough time to think about their crimes and may be they will not come back to their previous life.
The investment from developed countries rose from 25 of dollars to 100 billions of dollars from the start of period to 2012 and then in 2013 it declined to 90 billions.
The investment from developing countries increased from 75 billions in 2006 to 110 billions in 2008, in 2009 it decreased to 100 billions, then it reached it's peak of 180 billions in 2011 and to the end of the period it fell back to the 125 billions.
It rose from 100 to 171 billions from 2006 to 2008, slightly declined to 168 billions in 2009, then rose noticeably to 279 billions in 2011 and then declined again to 214 billions in 2013.
But then trend recovered and rocketed to 279 billions, reaching a peak of investment in renewable energy.
Secondly, poor countries apply a large amount of opportunities for opening business because they do not have so much fertility of goods and services of developed countries do.
This can be proved by saying that the more places to work the less people's need in money.
In common today a lot of international organization move their businesses to undeveloped countries.
That is why the big companies must use this countries for their business.
If there are poor cities and developing countries, their neiborhood form developed countries can spend the investment to this countries.
Unfortunately, there were a lot of situation in South Africa when companies used the children and women for work in the factories.
In 2006 developing countries invested about 25 billions in renewable energy.
Then they saw a gradual increase and by 2012 reached a peak, equal to 110 billions.
By contrast, in developed countries fluctuation can be observed with minimal investment in 2006 (about 75$bn) peak at 175 billions in 2011 and a gradual decrease from 2011 to 2013.
Also, dramatic increase was from 2009 to 2011 with maximum value at 279 billions in 2011.
First of all, leading this businesses is the one of the essential ways to provide people with jobs.
This companies move their businesses to poorer of developing countries and employ local emploees.
One of pluses is that this manipulation with companies' businesses can help developing countries improve their international level and later transform in developed countries because this companies, wich about we discussed, employ local workers and the level of unworking is decline.
Presented picture illustrates worlds differences in the amount of investments in renewable energy in a period between 2006 and 2013.
Overall, it can be seen from the graph, that the number of money that was invested in renewable energy in developed countries is considerably higher than in developing ones during all the period.
However, after 2011 an abrupt decline is shown and in 2013 the amount of investments reached the point of 214.
I firmly believe, that moving business to another country may have more positive affection, than negative, especially when this places are in poverty.
Therefore, in 2006 the number of investment in developed countries is in two times higher then the level in developing countries, in 2013 this level of both countries become almost the same.
Students from local schools and university can help in developing their country by themselves with the help of this facilities.
On the other hand, moving to the poorer countries, companies loose a great amount of talented workers in other countries.
The amount of investments increased from approximately 75 $ bn in 2006 to nearly 110 $ bn in 2010, in the next year it declined unsignificantly.
They could not do anything until they have not enough money.
What is more, international business gives a huge amount of opportunities for local people.
If someone think that international companies create one global world, another suppose that this processes had bad impact on environment of developing regions.
They only want to get a lot of money in poorer regions.
Then this number gradually rose by 2008, where overall amount of investments was $ 171 bn.
Today we live in the conditions of globalization and many corporation wide spreaded all over the world, including third world countries.
All in all, in this situation advantages overweigh disadvantages.
The bar chart illustrates how much billions of dollars developed and developing countries invested in renewable energy from 2006 to 2013 and, also, world tutorial.
This difference is noticeable and becomes at least for around 30 billions of dollars.
Summarizing information from the line graph, we can notice a significant increase from 2006 to 2011, accounting for 179 billions of dollars which invested in renewable energy by the world total.
Nevertheless, from 2011 to 213 investments decreased sharply from 279 to 214 billions of dollars.
As you see, the dramatical fall was in 2012 year, in South Asia, because it were only about 10 millions children without access to primary education.
However, every international company should think about some difficulties of such kind of activity on these areas, because it can have a great impact on these country and the whole society worldwide.
The index reached a peak in 2011 when it was about 180 billions of dollars invested in renewable energy by developed governments.
In 2012 there were almost 110 billions spent for energy from them, which is the highest point from the whole period.
Also there is a marked growth of world total investment but after 2011 there was a fall to the 2013 where it was only 214 billions, while in 2011 worldwide investment was almost 280.
As a rule, many companies try to save money by moving their business to another developing country and employment local, workers and this is the main advantage of such way of doing business.
In fact a lot of time and money will be spent for reaching a necessary level of skills of local workers.
I strongly believe that international companies give helping hand and do q good deal for all world this way, I can name only one cons despite many positive sides.
Nowadays, a great deal of people do not work and have not opportunity to buy necessary goods for their family and children.
So, international companies ca provide a lot of work place in such areas for poor people.
And last but not least, to open business in other countries a company should spend a lot of money and as a result in can be unrational decision.
This one improves the economic of this countries and increases the index of the comfort.
This problem may be solve by inventing teachers or coachers to this developing countries.
But then if is shown a downward trend, when the amount of investments rapidly decreased from the point of 279 to 214 from 2011 to 2013 accordingly.
Since the companies move to their countries this people don't have a need to go for from home anymore, they can work there and have bigger salaries than other jobs at their country.
To sum up, it should be said that the development of international companies into developing countries is bad for economy of this countries, but I still strongly convinced that this disadvantage is not so important as a happiness of huge amount of people in the poor countries.
The graph demonstrates how much money countries spend to invest in renewable energy in the start of 21-st country.
There are some investing reasons of these process to watch, but in this essay I will try to find some pros and cons of this issue.
It is usefull for these countries, because they do not have enough money to make work places for people, for examples to build factories.
Moreover, it is useful to them because of this companies will increase these countries.
It's expensive to build factories in this countries because of lack of resources.
Their number in summari are only 9,9 millions.
The highest number was in 2000, about 23,7 millions girls in Africa, the smallest number was in South Asia, 5,1 millions boys, in 2012.
Now, government want introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travels.
I agree with it, because some air travels can provide to air pollution this ways of train should be laws, than now.
There are too much people, who can chose other ways for their business traines.
For this reason, in conclusion, if goverments introduce laws to reduce the amount of air ways, it's will be helpful for us and all the Earth.
After that investments started to decline dramatically.
Below this graph bar charts are represented.
However, poor countries have a very small amount of suitable workers and teaching them takes a big time.
The second periods could be described as stagnation, however facticaly, the amount of investions fell during oe year to the point of 168 billion dollars in 2009.
What is more, the amount of globless people could reduce because of new places to work.
Moreover, for the international company moving it's business to developing and poor country means hiring cheaper labor force as people in such countries don't make a lot of money.
The most powerfull charge to investment take part of 2009-2011 period, when investment reach about 170 billion dollars (from 100 billions) in top-economy countries, and 100 billions (from about 60) in developing countries.
Since globalization process started some years ago, more and more companies, especially worldwide corporations, move their businesses to developing countries causes of such "great movement" are different one companies just want to case their tax laws to earn more profit, when another want to reduce cost of produsing something by employing local workers from poor countries, who can and want to work almost for bread and wabes.
In my opinion, making better things to whole world are much more important, then making one countries live in rich when another haven't enough money even for feedeny people.
In my view, this spendings are smaller than a demolishment of the business.
Such companies have a great amount of work places for local workers so they can find a suitable job there and earn a lot of money.
They do not to invest lots of money just to keep the business up on the market.
In my view, this spendings are smaller than a demolishment of the business.
In 2000 number of children from the Africa was 20 millions people by region.
If government introduce this laws, they will must decrease number of traveler, it will not good for our tourism.
First of all, if companies employ local workers for their businesses, they will economy a lot of money on salaries.
this companies help particular countries to develop their economy.
But it also understandable that developing countries have least investments.
It caused very bug problems because a huge amount of workers become unemployment.
It is obvious that developing countries spent more money every year and the amount of their investments rose from $ 25 Bn to $ 100 Bn in 2006 and 2012 respectively.
Unfortunately, there was a slight fall in 2013 when the amount of investments was oly about $ 80 Bn.
What is more, international corpoations have their own culture that an be unfamiliar to the locals and they will need a lot of time to incorporate into it.
Workers from poorer developing countries often have not experience and education for doing a good product because of it a number of goods can be bad and the company can lose a lot of money when consumer from other country find, that, for example, the phone that he or she bought, cannot do every function.
On them show changed how much access childrens in schools was been in 2000 and 2012 years.
In all chart groups we see how less numbers access choldrens in 2012 year like 2000 year.
But, they must to thing about how to to this travels less for ecological too.
However, we can see that this spendings are different in two types of countries and their trends are distributed differently from 2006 year to 2013.
This spendings on energy in developed countries remained stable in the period of 3 years since 2006, but then investments on energy extremely rised up in 2011 year and took position approximately 175Bn.
(difference between first observations and maximum is 179$ bn) and this investments became higher more than a half from starting point.
To start with, when this companies move their businesses to developing countries, they are give opportunities for huge amount of people on this labor market who could not found the job before in case of unstable economic situation, but now they can work and take salary for it.
It is cheaper to have factories in developing countries and as a result, goods which will be produced in this areas will be cost cheap in our markets, because it would not include extra taxes on rent and other factors, which are accumulated in products from highly developed zones.
In particular, this international companies monopolize local markets, that people who want to organize their own business are meeting with different barriers and thy have hot power to fight for consumers.
And it is hard to say is it only good or bad phenomena, but if this businesses give profits for all sides, why not to expand their companies.
As for the developing countries the largest amount of investments were included in 2012.
Also we can say that the number of investment slightly decresed in 2011 for developed countries, but in developing countries it started fall in 2012.
Amount of investments in developed countries fluctuated during the 7 years period.
By the way, non-educated workers cannot produce the product of high quality as they do not have enough knowledge for that.
Therefore, they need these money.
On the one hand, we have enough motivation to say that it is idea to move businesses to poore countries.
Thirdly economice of country from which company is lose lot of money, because company pay taxes in another country.
Both of these bar chart and line graph illustrate changes in financial way of renewable energy in developed, developing countries and in the whole world between 2006 and 2013.
As can be seen during this graph an amount of investments in developed countries increased gradually from 2006 and reached a peak $ 170 bn in 2011.
On the one hand, moving developed businesses to undeveloped places, of course, leads to renewing and making this places better, because local livers get the job, have a salary, take care of their families and just rise the living level of their country.
It will cause less troubles and businessmen will avoid conflicts.
However, this companies in poorer countries can only use the resourses of the country without any exchanging and benefit.
In conclusion, I should say, that I think, that advantages of this development overweight disadvantages, because the constant developing of world required many countries to be developed and succed in different sides of life.
The bar-chart illustrates how amount of children who do not have access to primary school education changes over the period from 2000 to 2012.
Rest of World had minimum amount of people without primary education comparing with other regions in 2000.
Nowadays there are a lot of reason of air pollution problem and global warming in the world.
To protect air from this type of transport governments suggest to decrease the number of air travel for business and leisure.
Overall, as can be seen from the graph the sum of the investment in this field reached a peak of 279 billions of dollars in 2011.
It is clear that in states with the smaller level of development investments steadily increase since 2006 to 2012, where they exceed a 100 billions of dollar mark.
In the next year after that developing countries slightly decrease their payments on renewable energy.
Of course, this industries moving can provide the citizens of poorer states with job.
As an instance, huge amount of factories workers will be left without their jobs.
In 2006-2008 and 2010-2011 developed countries invest in renewable energy approximately twice bigger than developing countries while in 2009 and 2012-2013 this values differ not as much as in other years.
On the one hand, business in poor, developing countries is badly developed because people do not have enough money to start it.
Nevertheless, these disadvantage seem oversized to me.
First, one can notice that in 2006 developed countries spent more than 50 bn dollars on ecofriendly energy, while developing countries less than 25 billions which made in total 100 billions of dollars.
After a slight decrease, worldwide investments reached in 2009 and reached peak in 2011 with 279 billions in which almost 200 and 100 are made by developed and developing countries respectively.
Starting from 2011 the line graph plummeted and the total spent on renewable energy looses almost 65 billions.
Some people claim that there are certain pros in this changes.
The graph show that in 2011 was spent around 279 billions of dollars in investment in renewable energy.
In contrast, from 2011 to 2013 the investment was wend down to 214 billions of dollars.
Developing countries had the upward trend of spending, form 2006 to 2013 the amount of money raised from 25 to 90 billions of dollars besides the developed countries, where investment in this sphere fall down, for example in 2011 they spend around 175 billions but in 2013 the amount of money was something near 120 billions of dollars.
Companies gives jobs to local worker therefore people have enough money to make their lifes better.
Also, this internation companies has a huge influence to local economic because of changing industry in this place.
The line graph illustrates the amount of investments in renewable energy in the whole world while world while the bar chart below describes the same feature for both developed and developing countries.
If company spends lots of money on taxes, money from the business would be really unsignificant.
International companies move their business to poorer country, where they could pay less taxes and salary for local workers.
This ay permits do not weste much money for labor salary.
as a result many people, who used this cosmetics, have a problem with they skin.
Main argument for this position is that this moved businesses provide lots of working places for local people and by this they are helping to economics of host countries to develop.
It is surprisingly that for this 12 years the number of children without access to primary schools in South Asia ten to positions that is lower that in rest parts of the world.
However, all this process cost a lot of money and not all companies can allow this.
There is a noticeable tendency today that the big amount of companies that spread their businesses worldwide decide to change the location for not-yet-developed countries and hire local citizens.
In my opinion, the advantages of these world trend could overweight of most of disadvantages.
It is better to have at these world more healthy people (with the creating of strong medical help), people who knows their rights because with the developing of economics the laws are developing too.
In conclusion I would like to stay that trend to creation new business at the developing countries have the amount of advantages that could help people to live longer and to be happier at this like to be employed and have to chance for a god way.
After 2011 investment goes down and in 2013 it places almost 150 billions of dollars and 90 billions in both type of countries respectively.
Between 2008 and 2009 the numbers were stable, at the point of 100 and 60 billions of dollars in both developed and developing countries.
The lowest level is again in 2006 and it is 100 billions.
The highest point is 279 billions in 2011.
Since there are much people, who willing to get a job in a famous international company, the stakeholders might to use a chip work force, and conditions in that company may be awful and payment is low, but people has nothing to do with this.
As can be seen from the graph during this year number of desktop users reduced for about 20 millions of users whereas the number of mobile users almost doubled during this period reaching almost 100 millions of users in 2013.
For example in some Scandinavian countries prisoners have ability to reduse their time in prison by reading some books and then passing a tests about knowledge of this books.
As can be seen from the fisrt graph, the number of Facebook visitors from desktop browsers decreased from 150 milions of users in 2012 to about 135 millions in 2013.
The reverse is true about using Facebook from mobile applicatious: the figure for number of people almost doubled throughout the period and accounted for 95 millions of users in 2013.
The bar charts provide an report about how much people used Facebook in March 2012 and 2013 and what the main reasons could be considered by men and women for using website.
Firstly, the number of crimes increases in that countries in which the economical and social situation is most terrible.
This days air travelling blamed for it's negative effect on environment, that's why a lot of people think that governments should make the law against unnecessary and frequently flights.
And I hope that in a little while these measure will improve the nature.
In March 2012, there was around 150 millions of desktop users and three time less mobile users.
However, the first value dropped to below 140 millions and the second one increased to 100 millions to March 2013.
Number of accident so it can be expected to work same for other crimes.
Alter native ways to reduce crime can solve this problems.
About 100 millions of people logged in Facebook using their handhelds during the period in question, while for desktop devices the respective figures slightly decreased from approximately 150 millions of users to less than 140 million.
However, the amount of people who use facebook on his/her mobile device grows almost twice in the same period of time to 95 millions in average.
To sum up, the amount of mobile users grows while the desktop reduces.
First, there are less thiefs and buglars in the streats the level of crime falls down.
This two charts show us information about facebook users, their platforms and their online interests in 2012 and 2013.
It rised from 58 millions to more than 95 millions.
But the popularity of desktop version has a little drop from 150 millions to 130 millions.
Nowadays not everyone have this possibilities.
There are 280 millions of desktop users and only 150 millions of mobile users.
There are some numbers to prove: mobile clients amount grows up from about 60 million to 100, nearly twice, while desktop users quantity decreases from 150 millions to 135.
As a small, a lot of ex-prisoners commit a crime again.
It is very widespread problem that should be solved in order to prevent some new crime from this people.
It will save lots of money for government and make judgment system more loyal to people.
On the other hand, if prison sentences were very long people would avoid prison and they would do less crimes.
From the bar chart it is clear that the from 2012 to 2013 majority of people used their desktop computers in order to explore Facebook in March, 2012, though this number had decreased from 150 millions to 135 millions by March, 2013.
Unlike the desktop, the number of mobile users almost was doubled from 55 millions to 95 millions per year.
As can be seen number of users who use desktop version of site reduce from 150 millions to 135 millions and number of mobile users significantly increased from 50 millions.
The first thing that attracts attention is increase in among of mobile application users from March 2012 to March 2013 - almost to times - from 50 to 100 millions of users.
So, this organizations should provide wide opportunities for user and try to make reasons for using this social network useful.
In our country many people in this system are corrupted and the biggest drug and weapon dealers will never be locked in prison because they have enough money to give it to right people in this system.
In 2012 African's index of boys a little decrease 14,5 millions, and account of a girl's index too - 18,2 (over 33 millions).
The same value South Asia has in 2000, but it has another index: boys 11,1 (over 11 millions) and girls 21,6 (over 33 millions).
Rest of World (2000) has boy's index 10,5 (over 11 millions), girls - 12,8(23 millions), but in 2012 boys part falling down and consist 7,7 (7 millions), and girls part the same - 7,6 (a little more than 15 millions).
The minimum value in 2012 has students from South Asia - boys 5,1 (5 millions), girls - 4,8 (10 millions).
The first chart gives a clearly look that if mobile was not popular with right below the mark of 60 millions of users in 2012, its rapidly take an advantage in 2013 with the mark at slightly lower than 100 millions.
If government can provide a special building for working with materials like wood or metal, this can afford to not just help people to reabilitise, but also a few money.
Women find this functions more attractive than man and use them often.
However they use less functions.
There is users of desktop only on 40 millions more than mobile users.
On another hand, government will waste a lot of money for prisoners every year and that not good for country.
As we can see from the first chart usage of desktop version reduced by 15 millions in March 2013 comparing to March 2012.
Nowadays people tend to think that prison sentences is the best method to fight against crime and only small part of them have another vision of solving this problems.
Also, the number of desktop users had decreased from 140 to 60 million and become lower, than amount of mobile users in march 2013.
In theory this should lead do less people become burglars, thiefs, murders, etc.
As can be seen from the above, amount of people using mobile Facebook app or site has increased by 2012, but still most people prefer Facebook on desktop.
The other reason is that not enough harmful punishment make people not to be afraid of being catched, so these can easily risk.
These money can be used more effectively; for instance, for helping to poor, on free education and medicine.
The people who have never done any crime pay the taxes and give these money to the who did - not a very fair system, isn't it?
They will make a lot of profit to ordinary people and maybe even like such good and kind deeds.
Desktop usage of Facebook tall slightly from 2012 and 2013 from 150 to 130 millions of users, but the mobile devices made a great bap toward, over the year number of customers which use the social network increased from around 60 millions to almost 100.
Overall, longer sentences will hardly reduce any crime while costing a lot of whole society.
Talking about Africa, definitely should be said, that in 2000 20 millions boys and 23,7 millions girls didn't have a possibility to study in primary school.
However, in 2012 the quantity of children without access to learn has decreased dramaticaly to 14,5 millions boys and 18,2 millions girls.
Next 12 years the quantity of boys dropped to 5,1 millions and girls - to 4,8 millions.
The rest of world has changed its amount of children without access to education twice, talking about girls, and less the twice thinking about boys.
The diagramm gives informatin about amount of boys and girls without access to primery education by region and gender between 2000 to 2012 year.
Also, it can see that the number of children in the South Asia dramatically fall from 2000 to 2012 approximately to 20 millions.
The percentage of girls and boys in the rest of world was 23,5 millions, in the 2000 year, but in the 2012 year the amount of children in rest of world was 7,6 millions girls and 7,7 millions boys.
It's the first problem of governments, let's look to Canada, Finland, the level of the life in this countries very good, and, as a rule, crime is unbelievably low.
However, the number of people using Facebook from computers decreased from 150 to approximately 140 millions, when the quantity of mobile users increased significantly due the period.
Overall, it is clear from the firth cart that total amount of users (both desktop and mobile) increased from around 205 millions to 220 millions.
But that happened only due to significant growth in mobile user, while the amount of desktop monthly visitors slightly fell over a year.
The chart give us information of how many people used Facebook in 2012 and 2013 and show difference between this years.
Secondly, the amount of people who use Desktop decreased and in site of that the number of people who use Mobile increased.
And thaks to that people will afraid to break the law because they will fear to waste so many time in prison.
First of all, the member of people, who use Facebook through Desktop fall from 150 millions to 135 millions.
However, the number of mobile users significantly increased from 55 millions to 95 millions.
Thus, the total number of users of Facebook increased from 205 millions to 250 millions.
The first one is make life condictions better by doing this people will have less reasons to break law, and so the crime will reduce.
During the period of March 2012 to March 2013, number of desktop users decreased slightly - from around 150 millions to about 135 millions.
On the other hand, amount of mobile users grew almost twice fold over that period - from just over 50 millions to almost 100 millions.
At the first chart we can see that using Facebook desktop more until mobile, and remain 150 millions of users on March 2012.
But un March 2013 this index decrease to 135 millions of users.
As for mobile in March 2012 this index was 55 millions of users, but it increase in March 2013 and consisted of 95 millions of users.
In conclusion, the most number of user was in 2012 March by desktop.
On the other side, people say, that harsh prison conditions and spending time with other prisoners can do even more harm to a criminal.
As we can see, there are some striking differences in both of the charts throught the given period.
Furthermore, governments spend a lot of money for detailing prisons and that is what tax-payers citizens a lot.
Norway prisons are considered of the best in the world and the prison sentences could not be mor than 21 years for men and even less for women in that country.
There is an upward trend for mobile version of Facebook, the total number rose from approximately 60 millions to 100 millions in March 2013.
In contrast, the use of desktop among Facebook followers fell from 150 to 135 millions.
It should be mentioned that overall amount of women receiving updates is equal to men's one.
In conclusion, it is evident that with developing of mobile communication there will be growth in amount of users of mobile version.
7 millions).
To compare with these two regions rest of world has less people who had not access to primary education.
The amount of male and female children in rest of world exceeded this number by 5 millions in 2012.
In South Asia were dramatic decline of the number of children with access to education to 10 millions people.
It is clearly seen that in 2012 about 150 millions of users preferred desktop for use Facebook and a little bit less number of people (138 millions of users) used the mobile platform.
It worth pointed out that in 2013 we can see a markable different trend - the number of personal computer users (who use Facebook through the website) decreased in more than 2 times from 150 to just 58 millions of users.
Also it should be noted that number of mobile users are decreased too, but not so much, on 30 millions of users.
There will be a lot of pluse if the law, reducing number of business and travel flights.
First of all, of course, the number of an air pollution will significantly decrease.
As for the rest of World, the differences is around 5 millions that got an opportunity to study (it is between girls).
As for the boys, the average difference is about 2-3 millions during 200 and 2012 years.
First of all, it can be effective if the governments set up a law reducing air travelling, because in this essay it can be seen that the amount of air travellings will decrease and it is logical th people will become involved in the travel using trains or cars that are cheaper than air trips.
In Africa a number of children without access to primary education felt from about 44 millions to approximately 32 millions.
There was a decline from 32 millions to 10 millions in South Asia during 12 years.
It can be seen the same trend in rest of World: the amount decreased an 8 millions.
The sharpest dive can be seen in South Asia where the total numbers felt sharply from about 33 million to approximately 10 millions children.
Africa still remains to be the region where significant amount of children do not have access to primary education.
Despite all these fact, some people strongly believe that governments should take action and deal with the amount of air travels in order to protect the environment.
They also think that people will remain within their social areas or their own country and that that with the higher payments less people will travel worldwide.
This hystogramm presents dynamics in the amount of children who haven't access to primary school education for period from 2000 to 2012, detalized in gender and region.
In comparison, in Africa, where ere nearly as many boys without primary education as in South Asia, whereas the number of girls was almost double that in South Asia, access to primary Schools have receivied 11 millions of children, which is about one - fourth of all.
Almost the same results have shown rest of world, with decline in both amount of boys and girls without access to primary education, but with better dynamics for girls; as in South Asia.
The amount of air travels have been growing steadily for about 6 past decades.
Most of the trains cars, ships are polluting atmosphere as well, so switching to this ways of travelling will solve the problem.
Probably government should introduce some taxes on that kinds of flight.
To sum up, whether government should restrict flights and how it should be done is quite wide and weep question with requires a lot of consideration of public and experts in future.
This graph shows the amount of youngsters (male and female) who couldn't have a chance to go to the primary school in different parts of the world.
The first bar shows that in Africa in 2000, there was more than 43 millions of children could not have an education.
It means that more than 8 millions of children had took an access to school.
More than 17 millions of girls and 5 millions of have had chance to take an education.
The amount of children without an education decrease and goes down.
Amount of non-educated children reduce from 23 millions to the 15 millions.
However, there is a group of people who think, that it is unnecessary type of travel and disadvantages of this travels are too strong.
8 millions of girls and 5.
The government should pay a lot of attention for reducing the number of travels to solve vitae problems, that have a great impact on our lines.
Moreover, the level of the health of people depends on the quality of air that they breath, so air pollution entails to growing number of deseases, that is also need to spend a lot of money from the government budget.
In addition, if the governments will restrict the number of air travel, it becomes a good stimule for the national scientists to invent a way of more ecological way of air tavelling, so it may lead to the higher technical progress.
First of all, we can see that the number of children without access to primary school in Africa (44 mln) and in South Asia (33 mln) was much higher than in the rest of world (23 millions of children).
In Africa the number of children felt down from 44 to 33 million in South Asia from 33 to 10, in the rest of world from 23 to 15,5 millions.
Also we can see that proportion between boys and girls during all periods and in all regions was approximately equal, except of South Asia in 2000, where the number of girls were much higher than the number of boys (21,6 millions of girls and 11,1 millions of boys).
And one kind of this ficilities is transport of air travel.
Taking into account that it is no need in much air travel governments are expected to introduce laws which will decreased the number of business - trips by plane and air travel for leisure.
There is a dramatic fall from the 21,6 million children to 4,8 millions children in South Asia during this period.
The highest value of 23,7 millions children was in Africa in 2000.
The amount of girls and boys without access to primary education, is approximately equal in the 2012 in the Rest of World.
The number of boys who has got access to primary school decreased from 11,1 millions to 5,1 million in South Asia.
The amount of boys without access to primary school in Africa is twice more than in South Asia in 2000.
I disagree with this points of view for a number of reasons.
For example, the number of children without access to primary school in Africa falled from just under 45 millions to just under 35 millions in the period from 2000 to 2012.
In the same period in South Asia it droped from just above 30 millions to 10 milions.
The number of children without access to primary school in the Rest World gradually decreased from just under 25 millions in 2000 to 15 millions in 2012.
Moreover such flights spend a lot of disel which poison the atmosphere.
To begin with, it should b said that nowadays the issue of air pollution is a vital problem for the whole population of the world as more countries develop their industry, many factory and spheres and so on.
Moreover, the number of air travel is not likely to decrease by itself because it is a profitable sphere.
So people have limited amount of resourses which can after the situation dramatically.
These group of people claim that such issue is insurmountable because of its characteristics.
More precisely, people will be disappointed by the lack of number of air travel and business will loose a huge of profit.
Taking all these points into consideration, I personally suppose that introducing laws to reduce the number of air travel for business is not an optimal measure which can make it better.
All in all, the puring of air is the important thing, however, the number of flight by the law is not the best solution.
It is fact there is a significant decline in the number of children without access to primary education between 2000 and 2012 in all regions: from 44 to 32 millions in Africa, from 24 to 15 millions in rest of world category and from 32 to 10 millions in South Asia.
South Asia has the most enormous decrease by approximately 22 millions, especially in the number of female students.
However, in 2012 South Asia and in the rest of the world the proportion of boys and girls without access to primary school education is approximately the same: 4,8 millions of girls and 5,1 million of boys in South Asia and 7,6 millions of girls and 7,7 millions of boys in the rest of world.
There are huge amount of ecological problems in the modern world.
The main reason of this situation is the people actions: cars, plants, which produce a lot of polution, and airports, air travel.
Different regions have various amount of this children in 2000 and 2012.
The total tendency of all this changes is downward shifting.
The amount of non primary education children has decreased in all countries during that 12 years.
I agree with the point of vie that the governments should reduce the amount of unnecessary flights by laws.
People can see a wonderful nature travelling this kinds of transport.
In this situations flights is necessary way to came the distance, I think.
In my opinion, the law that will limit the amount of flights must be introduced.
The chart illustrates the amount of children had no access to education system between 2000 and 2012 in three regions.
It was about 45 millions of children in 2000 year.
The difference in Africa stayed on the same point of 3,7 millions.
Should we legaly decreased the amount of flights to protect the environment?
No government law about number of flight would help the environment.
Whereas South Asia had a rapid decrease since 2000 from 21,6 millions years and 11,1 millions boys to 4,8 mln and 5,1 mln respectively in 2012.
Finally, today there are government programmes which make the airlines companies install "green" engines in planes in order to reduce the amount of exhausted gases going out in the atmosphere and, as the result, cut down air pollution.
To sum up, it is strongly believed that the number of air travelling as an essential part of the word infrastructure.
The given chart shows changes in amount of children who didn't have access to primary education in Africa, South Asia and the rest of world between 2000 and 2012.
According to gender, a decrease in amount of girls not having access to primary education was more than 2 times bigger than the decrease in amount of boys: a 17 million compared to 6 million drop.
It is common knowledge that the increased amount of flights has led to acute environmental problems such as air pollution and global warming.
The chart below illustrates the amount of children with lack of access to primary school education from 2000 to 2012 by gender and region.
By the year 2012 this numbers decreased by 5,5 millions boys and 5,5 millions girls overall, it is obvious that after 12 years, education conditions became better all over the world.
Throughout the last couple of years there has been a lot of controversary around the air travel.
Some say that a lot of air travel is unnecessary, others believe that we cannot couple without it.
Talking about South Asia, the quantity of boys and girls that did not attend classes dropped significantly, especially the number of such girls decreased sharply (from 21,6 millions in 2000 to 4,8 millions in 2012).
It is clearly seen that the highest amount of children who could not get primary education was in Africa in 2000 (nearly 20 million boys and 23,7 million girls).
What about South Asia, its amount of children without access to primary education was nearly 32,7 million (as Africa in 2012), but in 2012 this number changed dramatically (4,8 mln girls and 5,1 mln boys).
According to the chart, in the rest of the World there were approximately 23 mln children without access to primary school in 2000 and in 2012 the amount of such girls was 7,6 mln and the number of boys was 7,7 mln.
To sum up, it can be said that from 2000 to 2012 there was a downward trend in amount of children without access to primary education in each of the presented regions.
The bar chart represents shifts in the amount of boys and girls who cannot get primary school education in the period of twelve years from 2000 to 2012 compared Africa, South Asia and the rest of the world.
The most significant reduction is shown by South Asia, the amount of boys and girls without opportunity to learn at primary school decreased more than threefold, from around 33 millions in 2000 to approximately 10 millions in 2012.
In 2000 the rest of world had the lowest amount of children without primary school education, but although there was a fall, by 2012 it had lost its position and South Asia had the smallest number of those boys and girls.
Moreover, governments ought to introduce special laws and taxes on tickets, depending on the amount of carbon emissions produced.
In 2000, 20 millions boys and 23,7 millions of girls in Africa without access to primary school.
21,6 millions boys and 11,1 millions girls, 12,8 millions boys and 10,5 millions girls cannot get education accordingly South Asia and Rest of World.
And someone thinks that a lot of air travel is unnecessary, that is why governments should regulate tha amount of air travel for business and leisure by laws.
In conclusion I think that both of view should be realized.
That is why number of air travel should be reduced in terms of safety.
In many possible way of travelling that is why it can nt be abandoned in there.
The bar chart compares the amount of children, who do not have an opportunity to achieve primary education, in three regions and gender over the period of 12 years.
In 2000 the number of children without access to primary education in Africa was 43,7 millions.
And from this figure 23,7 millions of children are girls and 20 million boys.
This resulted in the higher amount of girls without access to primary education rather than boys in the rest of the world.
These flight are unexpansive and so are less productive.
I mean that such planes can carry less passengers and so seem to produce a greater amount of pollution per one passenger.
For example, if we consider that the passenger who has no opportunity to travel by plain due to the government decision will seat in his car and if we imagine big amount of these passengers.
Africa, where is the highest number of children without a possibility to get primary education fall steadly from 43,7 millions to 32,7 millions while the South Asian plummeted significant from 32,7 to 9,9.
I term of gender, both countries losed nearly the same amount of boys.
Over the span of 12 years a number of boys and girls in the rets of world decreased from 10, 6 and 12,8 millions to 5,5 and 7,6 millions respectively.
Governments of the major countries can cooperate and introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel, which to their mind causes some of this issues.
A huge amount of people every day travel with air for business and leasure.
government should summarize the whole activities, which causes this decreases and cope with some of them in way not to disturb a normal life of people but to contribute to air pollution and other great problems.
It reached a peak at just under 45 millions (20 millions of boys and 23,7 millions of girls).
These thought can really madden one.
Instead of reducing the amount of flights, it would be rather better for everyone to take care of inventing new types of engines, planes or gas, which will be not so harmful.
The most significant change was in South Africa as there was a sharp fall from approximately 32,5 million to 10 millions.
The decrease in Africa was about from around 45 to 32,5 millions and from 24 to 15,5 millions in the rest of world.
For example, as it can be from the chart, the number of girls without access to education in South Asia fell from 21,6 to 4,8 millions.
While the changes in boys category were not so significant: 5,5 millions in Africa, 6 in South Asia and 2,3 in the rest of world during the same period of time.
The bar chart illustrates the amount of children (in millions) in Africa, South Asia and rest of world who do not get primary education.
This argument can be hardly taken into consideration as the statistics of nation aviation commissions show that private jets do not contribute much all-machines net flying time.
By the end of the period Africa remained the region with the most children without access to education, although their total number fell from more than 43 millions to about 33 millions.
South Asia became the region with the least children with no education although it was the second place in 2000.
The chart below introduces changes in the amount of children without primary school education.
South Asia decrease followed the rest of the world trend where decreasing in the number of uneducated boys was more than the girls one.
South Asia example seems to be much more extremal because its change was more significant that everywhere else (from 32,7 millions to 9,9 millions).
Maximum of children was in Africa in 2000 and it was near forty three point seven millions children.
On the rest of world less children did not have education than in Africa both in 2000 and 2012 and South Asia in 2000.
Nowadays people have a lot of problem with ecology.
Some people think that governments should have a laws which help to reduce the number of air travel for spending free times and business.
A lot of air travel is unnecessary as there are more ecological way, for instance, train, boats and others.
In my opinion, government should put the tax on oil and gas and other resources which destroy our planet but should not reduce the number of air travel, because buses and cars pollute air too.
The bar chart illustrates the amount of children from various regions, who do not have access to primary school education.
Since 2000 the most serious change happened in South Asia, where the number of 32,7 millions children without access declined to 9,9 millions, it might happen because of economical growth in that region in the beginning of 21'st century.
From the other hand, the amount of children without access in Africa did not change dramatically since 2000.
43,7 millions children were without access in 2000, but than number reduced only to 32,7 millions in 2012.
Actually, the amount of children without access in the rest of world has declined too.
Besides, if there were more girls without possibilities than boys (12,8 vs 10,5 millions), so in 2012 that situation has changes and genders numbers were on the same level (7,6 vs 7,7 millions).
Finally, in spite of a big amount of unnecessary flights, the number of air travels cannot be reduced.
It is noticeable, however, that Africa still remains the region with the highest number of children primary education.
As for me and my point of view, I would like to disagree with the both of the statement completely.
To begin, the number of uneducated children decreased in 2012 comparison with 2000 from 23,7 to 18,2 millions and from 20 to 14,5 millions, for girls and boys reletevely: in Africa.
However, the number of educated boys rose slightly from 11,1 to 5,1 millions.
In 2000 almost 45 millions children didn't study in school: 20 millions boys and 23,7 millions girls.
To year 2012 total number decreased to 33 millions with 14,5 millons male and 18,2 m female children.
33 millions children without access to school lived there with huge number of girls that reached 21,6 millions and 11,1 millions boys.
Then there was great decrease and in 2012 total number was less than 10 million and number of boys extended girls one with 5,1 millions and 4,8 millions.
All other regions except Africa and South Asia had less children without school attendance in 2000.
Total number was 23,2 millions and after remarkable decrease it was 15,3 millions in 2012.
By gender, male number decreased from 10,5 to 7,2 millions and female from 12,8 to 7,6 millions.
One of the main features is that the highest level of children without primary education is in Africa that was about 43,7 millions of children in 2000 and decreased during the next 12 years.
This number was equal to 32,7 millions but the share of girls remained higher than the share of boys.
In comparison, the number of children without access to primary school in South Asia decreased rapidly from 32,7 millions in 2000 to less than 10 millions in 2012.
First of all, this type of transport saves a lot of time because of speed.
In this case, the amount of gases produced by air transport is higher than by cars or trains and it requires a lot of efforts to correct this situation.
7 to 15,3 millions.
Also if governments will reduce amount of air travels it will help to improve national tourism.
The number of such boys in Africa fell from 20 millions in 2010 to 14,5 millions in 2012 at the same time the number of uneducated girls in Africa fell from 23,7 in 2000 to 18.
6 millions in 2000 to 4.
8 millions in 2012.
In the rest of the world the number of children without access to primary school education decreased from 2000 to 2012 - more than 5 millions of boys and about 3 millions of girls.
The graph presents the amount of boys and girls who have no abilities to study in the primary schools on the time line from 2000 to 2012 and in different regions of the world.
There are the number of kids felt from 32,7 millions to 9,9 millions.
Total amount of children who cannot go to primary school for 12 years decreased, but anyway is still high.
Generally, the amount of kids decreased like in previous 2 groups.
To sum up, in the hole world the amount of children without access to primary shool was falling.
To sum up, I would like to say that governments from all over the world have to think about this big problems that planes are making.
In the rest of world this number dropped by approximately 8 millions and in Africa in 2000 there were roughly 12 millions uneducated children more than in 2012.
Such prices increase the amount of flights and, unfortunately, the quantity of air crashes are rising too.
The chart given demonstrates the amount of boys and girls with no access to primary school education in the period between 2000 and 2012 based on region.
Moreover, the chart shows that most significant decrease accured in South Asia, while the decline in the number of young people with no access to primary education in the rest of world region made out only 5 millions which is close to one forth of South Asia overall decline.
To sum up, the diagram enables to investigate a serious growth in the amount of children who have possibility to receive primary education.
To begin, there was 20 million of boys and 23,7 millions of girls in Africa during in South Asia there was 11,1 millions of boys and 21,6 millions of girls.
At this time, in South Asia column of boys reduce to 5,1 and girls column decrease to 4,8 millions.
There are two columns that shows that there is 23,8 millions of children without access to primary school education is 2000, from which - 10,5 millions of boys and 12,8 millions of girls in rest of world.
To compare with 2012, this quantity reduce to 7,6 millions to girls and 7,7 millions of boys.
But this points are decreasing.
One people think that it is useful only for sharing and getting new information, while others suppose that its main function is entertaing.
You can post information about the event, science invent, celebration day or else and enmourse amount of people will now about this by sharing this post.
To my mind, the main purpose of these social media is the opportunities to stay in contact with your friends at any time.
First of all, air traveling is one the major means of transport these days.
The minority believes that this sources are the best for communication and amusement.
The bar chart illustrates gender differences in amount of minutes male and female give to sports exercises in different periods of life.
Nowadays a lot of people spend a lot of time on social networks reading different articles and videos.
But have this networks for only the aim to nature your free time less boring or it contain also some useful information?
It shows that all funny videos take a lot of our time and distruct us from work.
Another opinion bed less common is that these networks are made up by a lot of information which can be very helpful for education.
It can be taken as a result different groups as "Just English" or "lazy English", for instance, which just on the Internet different articles or videos in English which are not get a lot of time but it is very helpful for those who want to learn English.
In conclusion, there is still a lot of educational content in websites like Facebook, but it always depends only on people's needs and wishes how to use the chance for self-development.
Nowadays with the advent of internet a lot of time is devoted to social networks such as Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Vkontakte and many others.
There are two opinions on the issue of what is he main idea of those social network must they be informative or must they be a source of entertainment.
One group of people support the idea of sharing information and knowledge throw that websites, others think that it's much better to use social media recourses mainly for entertainment and relaxion.
There are several explanation for both of that point of thinking.
However, this statistics changes at the age from 55 to 64.
And I think it can be both the source of information for people and the source with a great amount of entertaining content fro users.
For example, we can see sharply fall in amount of minutes between men 16-24 years old and men 25-34(from 282,1 to 153,8) such sharply fall among another part of society we can't notice.
Of course, there are many different opinions about social media and many of people always will discuss this issue opinions from this statement.
At this age men spend about 30 minutes, so we can see a twice reduction after 75 years.
This is why it is difficult to imagine Facebook or Vkontakte without one of these aspect.
The chart shows the amount of boys and girls, who cannot receive a primary education and compares indicators of 2000 year with 2012 year.
But, the number of category of children reduced by 2012 year: boys from 20 millions to 14,5 mln, girls from 23,7 mln to 18,2.
In the second, South Asia has less number of this type of children, but by th 2012 total ammount of children reduced from 32,7 mln to 9,9 mln.
Thirdly, the rest of world suffers from this problem more less than Africa and South Asia, but the smallest amount of children without access to primary education was in South Asia in 2012.
In conclusion, we could see that in whole world the number of such category of children dramaticaly reduced.
The chart shows how many time in minutes spent people in England for doing sports in 2012 by ag and gender.
Women in all age groups do sports less than men in the same group.
Today people spend a lot of time in social networks.
That ids why some people support the idea of using this media as mainly to share knowledge and information.
There are a lot of other ways to get information: TV, books, printed media and special websites, like Wikipedia so there are enough way to have information.
In conclusion, I want to say that as first opinion as a second opinion is correct and all this ways can exist together because it is comfortable everything is everywhere you want.
The general tendency over the age that older people did less sports.
In my essay I will give examples for these 2 point of views.
On the other hand there is a lot of information from unauthorized organizations or bloggers.
Primarely, I will present people's arguments in favour of that social media is the way to share information.
Then there is a dramatic decrease in the time spent doing sport and exercise: 25-34 old made britains did exercises almost 2 times less.
From 35 to over 75 years old period the amount of sport activities in mens life declined slightly with a moderate rise from 52,7 to 60,5 minutes, compared groups of 55-64 and 65-74 years old people respectively.
The graph illustrates the differences in the amount of children who didn't have primary education un various regions over a 12 year period.
From the graph it can be seen that in Africa changes in the amount of girls were almost the same as the reduction in the number of boys who hadn't got an ability to study in primary school.
As a rest of world,People have differing views with regard to the impact of the air transport on the natural environment as for me, I believe that airplanes do not pollute the air crucially, thus there is no necessaty to reduce the number of air travel in the world.
At the same time, I disagree with people who think that nowadays the are a lot of unnecessary air travel.
Moreover, if governments introduce laws in order to reduce the number of air travel, there will be a very long traffic jams on road through all over the world.
A huge amount of people, especially teenagers, users social media for an exchange of information and knowledge on a daily basis.
Secondly, social networks take a lot of time, and encourage people to spend time in sufficiently.
Overall, the two most striking trends are that men spent more time for doing exercises than women and the total amount of minutes decline through the elder stages of life.
The bar chart provides information about average amount of minutes spent doing sport activities by males and females in England in 2012 by age.
I agree with both points of view and my opinion is that people should use social media both for educational and entertaining purpose because networks like Facebook let us use it for both these purpose at the same time.
Everybody knows how it is easy to spend a lot of time in social media chatting with friends, looking pictures, reading blogs.
To start with, I absolutely agree that social media are associated with global virtual world where we can find a lot of new and interesting information.
Social media present a various choice of interesting things.
First of all, doing sport and exercise was the most popular among 16-24 year-olds men as well as among women of the same age group (282,1 minutes and 114,1 minutes respectively) whereas over 75 old people of both men and women preferred to do sports less than others age group.
However, some people hold the view that this websites allows people to exchange information and knowledge with each other but others believe that they are one of types entertainment.
People believe that young people spent a lot of time on sitting in the Internet, which distracts them for studying and occasionally it leads to the fact that people have difficulties face-to-face communication.
In my opinion, such social networking sites as important information when it's necessary but communicate with other people at any time and entertain, but we need manage our time effectively and do not waste a lot of time in the Internet.
Moreover, there are a huge amount of virtual groups which allocate people who are interested in a particular subject so they may discuss and share relative topics in such online groups based in different social media.
Secondly, between women and men ages of 16-24 and 75 the amount of time declines slowly from 153,8 to just over 60 minutes for men and from 92,8 to just under 50 minutes for women besides the men age of 65-74 when the average number of time for doing sport increases by nearly 8 minutes for men.
Africa in 2000 have 43,7 million children which don't have primary education but after 12 years the amount of children decrease because Africa in past maltusianskiy period.
It is big problem because a lot of air is unnecessary.
We should safe the planet because several decade ago our earth didn't have problem like that.
Secondly, social media definitely should give us knowledge and information, it is evidely known that there social networks provide people with a billion of pictures, videos, different facts and so on, but these knowledge are not entirely seintific.
These knowledge won't help you in your education or to get a degree.
On the other hand, at the same period the amount of exercised women is declined by 8 positions on comparison to men.
On the other hand, for number of population consider that the function of social nets one bordered by entertaining.
Messages with a great amount of smiles and grammar mistakes are normal in society.
It provides information for various age group and different genders.
Facebook has over a billion users while Vkontakte is used by more than 200 millions people.
What's their purpose for that many users?
There are lots of devises with internet connection and people spend many time in Internet.
Although, Facebook and Vkontakte have lots of information for sending, it also has entertaining content, such as music, films and games.
In 2000 year there were about 20 millions of boys and 23,7 millions of girls without education in Africa.
To the 2012 years, this characteristics became quite smaller (14,5 and 18,2 millions).
The situation I South Asia looks equal, but the decrise was more significant (from 21,6 to 4,8 millions of girls, from 11,1 to 5,1 millions of boys).
The number of boys fell sreadily from 12,8 to 7,6 millions4 the number of girls decreased on about 2,8 millions.
At least but not at least planes are able to cover a lot of miles, including oceans, mountains and so on.
In South Africa the level of number of primary education rised fast.
Men and women of 16-24 devote much many time to sport than other age groups spending 288,1 and 114,1 minutes respectively.
Biggest decrease in no educated childrens was in South Asia, amount of girls with no education dropped down more than four times and boys more than two in 2012.
Rest of world has 8 million less childrens without access to school, than in 2000.
From position of airlines we can argue that: air market is not very high profitable, attentional taxes will decrease amount of passengers and increase price of tickets.
Looking from an overall perspective, the amount of uneducated children in all countries fall dramatically.
In 2000 the smallest figure was in Rest of world and accounted for 23 million people, though in 2012 South Asia managed to decrease the number of children without education from 33 millions to 10 millions and became the first country cancering to this criteria.
During twelve years the amount of uneducated children in Africa fell from 44 millions to 33 millions.
During the twenties century people destroyed enormous amount of natural areas, poisoned rivers and oceans, killed millions of animal.
It is obvious that by reducing the amount of flights we will pollute Earth less.
It was about 20 millions of boys and 23,7 millions of girls in 2000.
And we have decreased to 18,2 millions of boys and 14,5 millions of girls in 2012.
But illustration has change and numbers of children without access to primary education was 5,1 millions of boys and 4,8 millions of girls in 2012.
It started to decrease from 12,8 millions (boys) and 10,5 millions (girls) in 2000 to 7,6 millions of boys and 7,7 millions of girls in 2012.
Some people believe, that governments should introduce laws for reducing air travel where it is unnecessary because lots of business and leisure travel is the main reason which provide air pollution.
The graph represents dynamics in the amount of children without ability to get primary school education during the period from 2000 to 2012 with arrangement by gender and region.
In 2012 such amount of boys and girls in Africa is almost fivefold larger than in South Asia and roughly twofold bigger than in the Rest of World.
Secondly, South Asia has the lowest amount of children with this problem in the end of period, comparising 4,8 millons to 7,6 in the Rest of World and to 18,2 in Africa among girls.
In addition, for many flying by plane is the only solution to travel for example, many immigration travel over seas to visit their families each year.
As can be predictable, the smallest amount of children without access to primary school in 2000 is the rest of the world.
The amount is a little bit less than 25 millions.
According to the data based on gender we can notice that in Africa in 2000 and 2012, in South Asia in 2000 and in other countries in 2000 the amount of girls without access to primary education is bigger than amount of boys.
Right now there is big argument in society about air pollution and global warming, because of the great amount of flights.
But in the other hand it might be not the best solution for concept many solution.
The bar chart shows us the amount of children who cannot educate in primary school in different region.
So, lets report the main feature of this scales.
We can notice that it was a lot of children who cannot go to primary school in 2000: 20 millions of boys and 23,7 millions of girls were without access to education.
in this year about 44 millions African children cannot go to primary school in sum.
The amount of children without access to primary education is lower on about 12 millions, bur proportion of girls and boys is similar.
6 millions girls and 11,1 millions boys not went to school.
The bar that show us amount of these children in rest of world is the smallest by 2000.
It is about 23 millions of children 12,8 and 10,5 millions girls and boys respectively could not got to school.
Number of not-educated boys and girls decreased for 11 millions and in 2012 was about 14,5 and 18,2 respectively.
Only 4,8 millions of girls and 5,1 millions of boys could not have primary education.
Situation of Rest of World in 2012 also is differ than in 2000: scale shows about 15,3 millions children who cannot to educate.
Number of girls with this problem generally is bigger than amount of boys, apart scale of South Asia 2012.
There was the sharp fall in the amount of children which did not have a possibility to study at primary school in South Asia from 2000 to 2012.
All in all, the number of girl and boys who did not go to primary school had equally fallen from 2000 to 2012 all over the world.
Nevertheless, there are some advantages in the idea of reducing the number of air travel.
Plains use lots of fuel which is in a lack on the Earth.
The number of sport's time by women was more stability, but also it low downward trend with ages.
People have various opinion about this.
If this technologies wouldn't be simple, many people couldn't use it, for example old people.
From this people we must that new technology will be simply to entertain.
In our world every company have support group, this people help others understand new technology.
Main idea of topic that Air travel has been proven to contribute greatly to air pollution and globam warming, as a lot of air tavel is unnecessary, governments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and letsure I particualy agree.
By introducing laws to reduce the amount of air travel governments this way would say that one can travel from Russia to America and one can not.
Some people think that the good solution of this problems is to decline the number of unnecessary travelling by air.
In 2000 there are 43,7 millions of children in Africa without access (20 million boys and 23,7 million girls).
South Africa in 2012 number of children reached point 32,7 millions, which is the same as numbers in South Asia in 2000.
And in the rest of World there are 15,3 millions children without permission for first step of education.
The given diagram illustrates how much young people in different area and both gender cannot go to primary school.
It is means that less and less people can use air travel.
Some people suggest that the reason of reduction air travel is that a lot of air travel is unnecessary.
Furthermore, on the market the machanizm of supply and demand force the number of air travel to efficient amount without certain laws.
There was a dramatic decrease from 32,7 millions of children in 2000 to 9,9 millions in 2012, noticing that the percentage of girls was around 60% in 2000 and became less than a half in 2012.
It was over the world to 32,7 millions in 2012.
However, some people find it dangerous, because airplanes pollute our environment, and want government to reduce the number of air travel.
First of all, government may insist on air companies to pay for extent amount of flights.
In Africa in 2000 43,7 millions children did not go to primary school.
After 12 years this number falled on 9 millions.
In South Asia in 2000 there were 21,6 millions girls and 11,1 boys, who were without access to primary education.
Only 9,9 millions children had not primary education, belong them there were 4,8 girls and 5,1 boys.
First opportunity to reduce the next generation, which can transport an enormous amount of people and use new type on soil for there engine.
This investment of these types of plane will be very expensive but will help to reduce amount of flights and will be more safety for environment, because they will be able to do one flight indeed five of sive flights by old planes.
If there are fewer amount of private airlines, that government will be able to develop common air travels companies, to watch for the technical condition of the plane and the convenience of the passengers.
So this decision will help not only to reduce the amount of flights of private planes but to increase the quality of air travel for passengers and for the technical condition of planes, which belong to government airline and have all necessary technical checking results.
In conclusion, I completely agree with the author's opinion that decrease the amount of flights will help to save our environment from great air pollution because of planes.
The lowest number of such children is shown in the rest of world, in 2000 but in 2012 it South Asia become the country with the lowest number of children who have no access to primary school education only 4,8 millions girls and 5,1 millions boys.
Governments have an opportunity to take care about this important question by regulating a number of different air transport.
They help these poore people to get enough money for the living.
Moreover, local workers need certain skills for being employed and international corporation are opened to teach that skills.
Besides, local workers do not get a lot of money from their jobs for these companies, as companies use them as a cheep power.
To sum up with the ideas, it is possible to use that advantages and disadvantages are in the same weightbut I believe that this development ruins the local economy of poorer contries and does not support it at all.
This planes were produced with out dated technologes which don't match to nowadays ecological standarts.
In other side governments should creates specially rest ones for citizens in every rgion to reduce number of flight to resort areas because there are no chances to stop business flights.
In many situation, not only air travel is a rease of air pollution.
Moreover, it almost last a huge amount of working places elevating the problem of unemployment.
Modern countries try to return industry from the outside because they lost a lot of profit.
Developing countries was not affected the global trend a lot of the same time.
In my opinion, the y do not outweigh disadvantages of this organizational principles.
Firstly, labour in that countries is cheaper than in developed ones, therefore products made there is cheaper too.
In 2012 there were sight differences by gender in South Asia and in the rest of world, but in Africa the number of girls not attending school is about 4 millions more, than number of such boys.
In 2000, the biggest number of children without education was in Africa - 43,7 millions, while in South Asia this number was about 33 millions.
However, we life in a very busy world, where people have to much responsibilities.
The number of investment in renewable energy also reached its peak in 2011 with about 175 billion dollars being invested.
As can be seen, the graph shows an amount of dollars into renewable energy by all world, whilist bar chart explain the information about investment to renewable energy in dollars by developed and developing countries during 8 years.
Currently, a huge amount of successful international companies build their brandies in the developing countries or even more to these areas.
Businessmen who think of moving their companies to poor areas usually don't consider about spending a lot of money or filters or other pollution - preventing machines.
On the other hand, opening a manufacture in particular country which belongs to the 3rd world helps save a lot of money.
I, personally, believe that a multinational firm could gain its profit and save a lot of money by opening a manufacture in a poorer country only in the case if its workers are taught how to do their job in a professional and provided by all the necessary things, which are needed for their work.
The diagram illustrate the information about some changes in the amount of children, who did not have access to education in primary school.
It can be noticed from the chart that the amount of kids without access to primary education is South Asia in 2000 was the second in the world after the Africa.
However, at the end of the period they wached a minimum of 10 millions and their level of uneducated children is the lowest in the world.
We can see that countries are divided into two groups (developed and developing).
Nobody is going to check the conditions, amount of salary people get and so on.
In conclusion, it has to be said that in spite of the difference between world total, developed and developing countries in number of investment, the tendency is almost the same.
This way to do business has different advantages and disadvantages for that countries and companies themselves.
Often sharply for workers in that places higher than in the same national factories.
Secondly, often there are no human rights for local workers on that factories.
In the last few years they move their business poorer and moved brunches in different developing countries, which help them earn a lot of money and raise the quanty and cost of their investments.
From the graph it can be seen that the investment in renewable energy at both developed and developing countries remained the same trend with 2009 being an example when the amount of investment in developed countries declined from 110 billions of dollars to 100 ones but in developing countries this number showed a slight increase.
Firstly, from the last decade it can be seen that for example European countries not much work places for all workers that need them.
A big amount of unemployment people which are more likely to do crimes creating other unpredictable problems may also cause distabilisstion in political area.
Secondly, if many business move their businesses to poorer countries, developing of this countries may not continue as fast as it was in the past.
And moving businesses cause unequally in 90% of all amount of this kinds of situations.
Firstly, in developing countries the wages are usually lower than in developed countries that means that international companies can save a lot of money they employ local workers from that countries.
In that countries it is a very difficult, because it's population is usually high and its production is in a very bad conditions to give that people so many work places.
Approximatey 44 millions children in Africa without access to primary school education.
In contrast, in Rest of world children without school education was only about 23 millions.
In 2012 number of children without access to primary scgool education in Africa dropped to 32 millions, also same number was reached South Asia in 2000.
With regard to Rest of World, than in 2012 number of children decrease from 23 to 15 millions.
South Asia in 2012 was reached the smallest number of kids without education (only 10 millions).
However, in my opinion goverments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travels for personal.
Almost they do this way because companies have a lot of opportunities and facilities in countries where they have not got any different companies and where there are a huge amount of free workers.
It means that the process of moving could spend not a month, but one or more years.
For instance, there would not be many classified workers company can employ or the political situation does not allow to start business here.
In general, the smallest level among these 3 position was in the very beginning, in 2006.
According to modern statistics and experience the amount of companies, which got into developing countries and fastion of employ local workers have been highly increased.
In this essay advantages will be presented firstly, and afterwards disadvantages will be discussed.
That is why lots of companies prefer this way: reducing spendings salaries, they can attract these money to another fields, such as developing of production technology or better materials, which, in its term, will develop the quality of goods.
The graph gives the information about the amount of investments in renewable energy of developed and developing countries and as a world total during 7 years from 2006 to 2013.
From 2006 to 2012 the amount of their investments increased slowly from over 25 $ bn to over 100 $ bn.
In 2006 they invested about $ 25 billions in renewable energy, while in 2012 this amount was more than $ 100 bn.
This children sorts on region and gender.
On 2000 years boys were 20 millions and girls were 23,7 millions and thogethe was 43,7 millions.
Number of children which don't get the first education 34 millions on the both regions.
The graph depicts information concerning the amount of investments made in renewable energy area be developed countries and countries, which are in the process of developing, throughout the period of time between 2006 and 2013.
The main issue is the difficulty of transferring goods to the markets of other countries, which is pretty expensive, since the companies ought to pay not only for the foreign production of their products, but also they have to plan their "spreading" strategy and invest lots of money in it.
Since relocating its work offices and establishing factories in Vietnam, the amount of produced goods has increased dramatically, as the financial report said in 2014.
However, the period from 2009 to 2011 was marked by the steady growth which reaches its peak of $ 279 billions in 2011.
The peak was then followed by a sudden fall a investments up to the year 2013 reaching $ 214 billions back then.
Both types of the countries illustrated followed the world's tendency, although developed countries invested more, the difference in this characteristic shortened by the year 2013 wish developed countries investing about $ 125 billions and developing ones contributing a little bit less than $ 100 billions.
Moreover, developing countries put less regulations concerning labour safety and ecology.
In developing contries the amount of investments slightly went up over a 7-year period from approximately 25 $ bn to 105 $ bn.
Taking a look at this poor countries of the beging we can say " Yes of course".
Because in spite of everything these businessman bring more good things, such as employment, roads and other facilities which in their turn will able to lead to a better life.
Offices in developing countries could have a lot of finances problem.
Population of poor countries could love this services and, in the future, when countries will become one big customers group, which will be ready pay any price to buy products from the companie then has supported.
In 2006 the worldwide investment in energy was only $ 100 billions, $ 75 billions were made by developed countries and only $ 25 billions by developing countries.
Since 2006 to 2008 the number of investigations rapidly grew and were estimated in $ 171 billions, but in 2008 the investment was stable for a year, with over $ 100 billions invested by developed countries and over $ 50 billions by developing countries.
Then there was a huge increased in investment in energy and by 2011 worldwide investment reached a peak of $ 279 billions that contained over $ 175 billions of developed countries.
The graph shows that since that time investment became smaller, with only $ 214 billions as a world total.
To make comparison, should be said that during the whole period shown investments from developing countries were approximately a half of investment from developed countries, but by the end of 2013 they made a bit less $ 100 billions investment which is just a quarter less than investments made by developed countries.
In the ear 2011 investments in Developed Countries reached the peak with more then 150 billions of dollars.
In the year 2011 the amount of investments in developed countries started to declining, while investments in Developed Countries was still growing steadily.
First of all, developing countries have a big amount of people, who are ready to work for a very small sallery.
Developing countries reached their peak in investments in 2012 when they made up just over $ 100 billions.
The amount of developed countries investments have some fluctuations from 2007 to 2009 and from 2010 to 2013.
However, after that and until 2011 the line graph the amount of investments rapidly rased and from that point it decreased to the level accounted for approximately 215 billions of dollars.
Moreover, simple establishment of the company in another country will consume a lot of time, money and energy and sometimes it is just not worth it.
For example, South Asia had more than 30 millions children in 2000, but the numerous has dramatically decrease to 10 millions in 2012 year.
In addition, rest of the world had smaller amount of children without access to primary education than Africa and South Asia had together in 2000.
The poorer countries do not have enough money for developing themselves businesses project, so they can get usefull information about thus.
Despite on that poorer countries do not have enough money for developing they have very beautiful places in their country.
The most striking feature is the highest number of investment in renewable energy was in 2011 (close to 280).
For example, is 80's Vietnam was developing countries, but during that decade this country rise the level of economy's sphere, becoming one of the biggest country of export in South-Asian region, because many international companies move business to this countries and employ vietnamies.
The chart below indicates how many investment had been made in renewable energy for a seven-year period between 2006 and 2013 in the whole world and in developed and developing countries in particular.
In modern world when the world market is occupied by a huge amount of international companies it seems logical to them to relocate their sphere of interest to countries, that have not yet experienced globalization so much at central countries have and thus they are more easily to influence on.
Secondly, developing countries have a lot of nature resources, that is why companies want to be closer to this resources and do not spent a lot of money to transportation.
However, some people think that all this new businesses in developing countries pollute the atmosphere, and the number of resources decrease very fast.
First of all, international companies spent a few money for producing goods.
For instance, there are a lot of evidence of rough behavior of managers and strict rules.
This graph provides the information about how much money developed and developing countries spent on development of renewable energe during the period between 2006 and 2013, the line shows the amount of both types of countries investment.
The highest investment was paid for developing renewable energy in 2011 and was about 279 $ billions.
History knows a lot of case, when activity of some international companies was banned by local government.
In my opinion, developing countries need a lot of help of developed countries, so companies should support poor countries.
Standard of living reduces because of different illnesses in poor countries which don't have enough medicine to treat them, so international companies should develop some ways of transferring medicine to developing countries.
Example of this is India, there production of clothes cause not only a great damage to nature but also a lot of decrease to people involved in a process.
The graph indicates data about the amount of world investments in renewable energy in period between 2006 and 2013 in developing and developed countries as far as in a whole world.
In order to developed and developing countries, the amount of such investments was increasing in both.
As for the data about countries, the amount of investments in renewable energy increased in both developed and developing ones with the one exception being 2009, when it declined to 100 and about 60 billion dollars in developed and developing countries respectedly.
Many funats use these resurse that know what like and what doing their lovely stars in simple life.
This figure decreased approximately by 5 millions through the twelve years period.
But the worst situation with girls education in South Asia, where this number went down from about 22 millions in the beginning of the period to almost 5 millions in the end of the period.
In the Rest of World the number of educated girls has fallen by almost 5 millions.
The most significant falling in the number of educated boys was in South Asia by 6 millions children.
Governments believe, that a lot of air travel is not so important and it should be better to introduce new laws to reduce the number of air travel for leisure and business.
In 2000 the number of boys were 20 millions in Africa and then this figure slightly fell in 2012.
They were 23,7 millions in 2000 and in 2012 this figure decrease to 18,2 millions.
The number of girls were 21,6 millions and this index fell to 4,8 millions.
Also, the number of boys were 11,1 millions and this figure decrease to 5,1 millions.
In the Rest of World the amount of girls in 2000 were 12,8 millions and then this index dramatically fell to 7,6 millions in 2012.
And the quantity of girls and boys decrease from 43 to 32 millions.
The number of children has to go down from 24 to 16 millions.
The bar chart compares information in diffent coutntries about youngsters that do not have abilities to get primary school education (from 2000 to 2012)Firstly, exact 20 millions of all boys in Africa in 2000 did not have primary school education.
It was by 13,7 millions lower than amount of girls without education in the same year.
Uneducated boys and girls were ammounting to 14,5 millions and 18,5 millions relatively.
Regarding South Africa, in 2000 boys were ammounting up to 11,1 millions and then decreased in 2 times.
)Finally, other countries granted more opprtunities for children to be educated and numbers of educates children increased by 2,7 millions and 5,1 millions for boys and girls relativelly.
The number of children who didn't finished a primary school declined in 1,5 times from 23 millions to only 15 millions.
I don't think that government will reduse the amount of leisure travelling because it is a big business which gives a lot of money.
The chart compares amount of boys and girls who couldn't get the first education at the period from 2000 to 2012 in different parts of the world.
In Africa in 2000 the number of boys who didn not aducated in primary school was 20 millions but in 2012 less children can't to go to primary school (14,5 millions) and what about girls in 2000 23,7 millions of children without access to primary education and in 2012 the number of children degrees in 5,5 million people.
The biggest number of children in 2012 go to primary school in South Asia: 10,8 millions girls and 6 millions boys.
And in Rest of World in 2000 12,8 millions girls and 10,5 millions boys can't access to primary school but in 2012 this number is digrees by 7,6 girls and 7,7 boys.
The most number of children go to primary school in South Asia in 2012 (16,8 millions girls and 6 millions boys).
Now there are a lot of new tecnologis that can prove to contribute greatly to air pollution and global warming and air travel is one of them.
Also, Africa and thers have slightly less than 45 millions children and just under a quater respectiveles.
As regards the 2012 year, situation has changed because the number of children without primary school education has declined to 10 millions.
Later it was reduced to the lowest level (just 9,9 millions) among all the regions in 2012.
Moreover, the rest of the World had the least number of children without access to primary school in 2000, which is just 13,2 millions.
It decreased by 7,9 and reached the level of 15,3 millions to 2012.
In terms of gender, I'd like to highlight that there has been less girls than boys who didn't go to primary school only once.
Some people suggest that the solution lays in reducing of the amount of unnecessary flights, such as business and leisure.
In comparison with South Asia, the level of uneducated people go down in two time in boys and approxinetly 5 time amount of girls (since 11,1 to 5,1 million boys, and about 17 million amount of girls).
I think that the goverments should draw attention to that kinds of travel, besides, air travel is more pleasure king to travel because people cannot distruct nature, like they can do it in a car on the road or the forest.
So, I'm sure that people should take care of the Earth, solvens the problems of water and air pollutions and problem of global warming, but I absolutely disagree that for this people should avoid air transport.
The whole number of this children throught the world decreased.
The quantity of african young people fail on 10 millions by the end of 2012.
According to the rest of the World, there was the same fall as like as in the Africa, around 10 millions.
, This costs can be use in more useful areas, such as education.
32,7 millions of teenagers without primary school education lived in South Asia in 2000.
However, there was a significant fall in these numbers and just 9,9 millions of young people hadn't access to the mentioned above education in 2012.
The biggest number of female who didn't get nesseccary education was in Africa 2000 while the least position had girls from South Asia in 2012.
In Rest of World in 2000 10,5 millions of boys didn't have access to education in primary school.
During 12 years there was a slight decrease and 7,7 millions of children boys didn't have access to primary school.
On the other hand, governments should to reduce the number of flying.
Secondly, many airplanes fly with a few number of people because of economical crysis people can't afford to buy expensive tickets.
The given table presents the information about amount of ypung boys and girls who has not an ability to be educated because of region and gender from 2000 to 2012.
In 2000, there are twenty millions of boys who did not attend the primary school and also about twenty four million of girls who did not have access to primary education too.
The amount of girls decreased by six millions and the amount of boys significuntly fell by less than tree quarters.
The quantity of children in the Rest of the World fell too (from 2000 to 2012): the number of female persons decreased by about half and the number of male persons decreased by only approximately three millions.
To sum up, it should be said that, the amount of children who do not has ability to be educated and attend primary school was fell aroung the world (from 2000 to 2012) and in South Asia there is most significunt difference between 2000 and 2012.
Finally, modern humanity cannot avoid and reduce the number of air travel because of globalisation of modern world.
First and foremost, there are a lot of other different way of travel: by bus, by train, by car.
As a lot of air travel is unnecessary, governments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure.
The chart represents the information about the amount of children of both genders who didn't have an access to primary schools in 2000 and 2012.
However, this indicator fell in 2012, when the amount of boys and girls become 14,5 million and 18,2 million respectively.
The quantity of children without education declined from 22,3 to 16 approximately, the amount of boys dropped from 10,5 to 7,7 and the number of girls changed from 12,8 to 7,6.
The amount of children, who didn't have an access to school, had become three times less, than it was in 2012; figures changed from 33 to almost 10 million.
As for me, I am the follower of the theory, that government should not reduce the amount of flights in order to tackle environmental problems.
First of all, it can be observed, that at the beginning of the period the number of girls in Africa was slightly more than boys and it consist of 23,7 million, while boys was only 20 millions.
Furthermore, the number of boys and girls in South Asia was also strongly decline from 11,2 to 5,1 million of boys and from 21,6 to 4,8 millions of girls over the period.
Some scientists say, that a lot of air travel causes senting pollution into the atmosphere and as a result, a global warming.
Perhaps, reducing the amount of air travel is one of these point, but from my point of view, it should be done as one of the last measure.
In 2000 this figure was at the level of 43 million of children where the amount of boys was 20 million and girls consists 23,7 million.
As for me, on the one hands I particular agree with the statement that air travel has some diadvantages.
Moreover, air pollution leads to that plants die and if the economy related to the sale of agriculture it may be effect on this country: it would become poor.
Secondly, South Asia has the most dramatical drop in general amount of children approximately from 33 million to 10 million.
First of all, airplanes affect to our planet and our nature, becouse work of this machines is a cause of air pollution and global problems.
Besides, every air portes should pay many amount of money for oil.
By 2000 Africa had twenty millions of such boys and about twenty-four millions of such girls, what was a bit more than it was in South Asia and doubled more than it was in all rest part of World by the same year.
Thus, by 2012 South Asia had uneducated children less than Africa had and the rest of World had (approximately five millions of boys and the same number of girls).
How some people decided that one business trips and leisure trips are necessary and other are not?
According to the graph, number of girls who can go to primary schools rise on about 17 millions from 2000 to 2012.
And not only developed countries try to modernized and extend an access to primary education (the chart illustrate that the amount of young people in the rest of the world arise in avarage on 8 millions) but a developing countries try to support this upward trend.
One more way, in my opinion, is to limit the amount of flights in a particular company according to its size.
The number of boys fell from 20 millions to 14,5 millions and, the next, the amount of girls foll from 23,7 millions to 18,2 millions.
The number of boys dropped from 11,1 millions to 5,1 millions.
The amount of girls is decreased from 21,6 millions to 4,8 millions.
The number of boys dropped from 10,5 millions to 7,6 miliions.
In the world about 3000 airoports and each other of them everyday fly down and fly up a great number of air transport.
People who live near airoports and under air transport's ways have more problems with health then people who don't live in this areas.
If people don't have this kind of transport people who live in Siberia or others places which don't have ways for cars or ships, they can't lives in this areas Air transport give them foods, oil, doctors, clothes, medicaments and others really important things in our lifes.
Figures in Africa dropped slightly and the common number of children who have not access to primary education fell from 44 to 33 millions.
The index in the rest of world has a slight decrease and in 2012 were about 15 millions children without access to primary schools.
These gases increase the temperatures all around the world, and this causes the global warming, which can create so much natural disasters.
The given chart depicts the information about how region and gender affected the amount of children who did not study at primary school over the period from 2000 to 2012.
It is immediately clear from the chart, that, in general, Africa had the largest amount of children without access to primary school education, while South Asia and Rest of World provided more opportunities of primary school education for children.
As a result, the amount of girls and boys also decreased from 12,8 to 7,6 and from 10,5 to 7,7 millions respectively.
Taking everything into account, it is obviously that each region had a positive step into education over the period, because less children without access to primary school education.
Of course, it reduce time for travel but, may be, planes are cause of much consequanses for environment.
First of all, there are many things to be said in favour of introducing laws to reduce the amount of air travels.
If government introduced laws of reducing the number of air travel for business and leisure we would not be so worried about the international statistics of crashes of planes.
In general, there was a constant decline in the number of kind, who didn't attend primary school, during all reviewed years.
In this case, new low, which will be created to reduce the number of air travel, may be really useful.
As there are be less gazes, which pollute the athmosphere.
In general, graph shows the changes in number of children from Africa, South Asia and the other countries of the world and compares this data between 2000 and 2012.
The country which have the biggest amount of children who could not get the primary education in 2000 is Africa.
The number of girls in 2000 changed from 21,6 millions to approximately 5 millions in 2012 and the quantity of boys become 5,1 millions instead of 11,1 in 2012.
If government restrict the amount of air travelling, businessmen will lose a lot of money, because of the unability to meet with their partners and other important people.
In 2000 there was a biggest amount of children, who don't have access to primary education, and then, in 2012, for 12 years these numbers slightly dropped from 12,8% to 7,6% for boys and from 10,5% to 7,7% for girls.
Air pollution is caused not only by flights but by such things as factories, big amount of cars in cities, and many others.
People can build less factories, buy less cars and some other things.
To begin with, the bar chart illustrates the amount of boys and girls of three different regions: Africa, South Asia and Rest of World, which were not allowed to attend a primary school between 2000 and 2012.
As for Africa, approximately 5 millions of boys and 5 millions of girls had opportunity to attend primary schools.
In contrast, in South Asia the proportion of girls decreased at 16,8 millions and standed at the rate of 4,8 millions in 2012, but the number of girls in the Rest of World become lower (7,6 millions) than in 2000 (12,8 millions).
The number of boys in the this region levelled off too and was equal 7,7 millions.
The amount of children who did not have access to primary education and South Asia 2000 is equal.
Secondly, there are a lot of alternative transport exists and they can be less dangerous for human being.
Government in this situations should introduce laws, which grab people's attention to the another type of transport.
The chart gives information about amount of children who does not have possibility to study at school by region and sex.
The biggest amount of children without access to primary school there were in Africa in 2000.
There were 23,7 millions girls and 20 millions boys.
To 2012 the number of children decrease on 11 millions.
The situation in South Asia was better than in Africa in 2012 (33 millions children).
Approximately 5 millions both boys and girls was there.
About 15 millions children did not have an access do primary education in 2012.
There are hundreds of airport around the world.
Moreover, percentage of girls and boys has dicreased in this periods of time.
The grath demonstrates the dynamic in the amount of boys and girls who have not an opportunity to get primary education from 2000 to 2012 around the world.
The amount of children decline from approximately 33 to exactly 10.
8 millions girl got access to primary school (21.
6 millions in 2000 and 4.
8 millions in 2012), while only 6 millions boys went to the school in this period and in this region.
In adition to this South Asia has the smallest amount of children without acces to primary school in such regions, as Africa and Rest of World In contrary, 23.
7 millions of girls and 20 millions of boys haven't an apportunity to get education, it is the biggest numeber in the world.
As a lot of air travel is unnecessary, governments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure.
The amount of girls who been accepted to school has risen up in more then 4 times.
Is for Africa the amount of boys and girls who had not been accepted to the studies in primary schools in 2000 decreased in ¼ times by 2012.
I can't mention but in the rest of world the amount of girls and boys without access to primary school has follen down to 7.
In 2000 the highest amount of children without access to primary school education was in Africa; 23,7 million girls and 20 million boys.
The lower number was in South Africa: 4,8 million girls and 5,8 million boys, which less almost in 1/3 part than it was in 2000.
Moreover, planes help businessmen to cross the ocean in couple of hourse and make some decision with company partners faster than it was couplehundreds years ago.
5 millins to 10 millions by 2012.
Furthermore, the number of Africans and Asians children without ability to study in primary school were more that the same figure in the rest of the world about on 50 millions in 2000 and on 30 millions in 2012.
Overall, the number of boys and girls without access to education had fallen on about 45 millions in all world.
There is a provement that travelling by air leads to an enermous amount of ecological problems.
Moreover, there are a lot of sport teams such as football teams, where now a lot of investing, which also prefer private transport.
Amount of children without access to education was lower for 5,5 million for every sex.
Also, the amount of children, who did not go to the school has large volume in South Asia.
At all, the graph illustrated the number of the rest of world is lower, than in Africa and South Asia.
Some people believe that airplans greatly pollute the air, so the government should reduce the number of air travel.
Secondly, the airplan is a kind of transport which needs a lot of oil.
Thirdly, often people fly in airplans, which has a few number of passengers.
To sum up I can say that reducing the number of air travel for business and leisure can be helpful for nature and people, but on the other hand, the cars pollute the air and have more harmfull effect throw gases.
The graph provides the information about the amount of children without opportunity to get a primary school education, depending on sex and region over the period 2000 to 2012.
And the amount of girls at the same time fall for the more than 5 millions in Africa.
The number of girls who didn't can get a primary education in South Asia was more than 20 millions in 2000, but during the next twelve years it declined to the number of 4,8 millions.
The amount of boys without primary education in te Rest of World was 10,5 millions in 2000, but over the period 2000-2012 it declined to the number of 7,7 millions.
It started with the number of 12,8 millions in 2000, but by 2012 the amount of girls reduced for the more than 5 millions.
And the percantage of girls was more than the percentage of boys during the global period, excepting the 2012 year in South Asia, when the amount of boys without primary education was higher.
He says that it is the politician's task to tako some measures in order to reduce the number of air travel.
But producers gave a lot of arguments that the main reasons of global warming are gases from factories, too much cars using by people and the global changes in world's climate.
The graph below demonstrates, which amount of children do not go to the primary school because of several reasons in the period from 2000 to 2012.
As we can see the huge amount of children both 23,7 millions of girls and 20 millions of boys in Africa could not study in primary school in 2000.
But this amount decreased in 2012 to 14,5 millions of boys and 18,2 millions of girls.
In the comparison, in South Asia in 2000 there was equal amount of people, which had not access to primary school.
For example, in 2000 only 12,6 millions of girls and 10,5 millions of boys did not study at primary school.
To conclude, Africa had the biggest amount of children, who could not learn subjects at school.
There is an opinion, that we do not need air travel because of the fact that it pollutes our environment, and that is why the government has to minimize the amount of travels by flights by making laws.
Firstly, they are the fastest way of travelling on the distant corners of the world, saving a lot of time on commuting.
In conclusion, it seems clear that the government doesn't have to reduce the number of travel by flight at all, because it is quite useful and convinient type of transport.
The highest number of children without primary education is in Africa and it is about 45 millions in 2000 and is approximately 35 millions in 2012.
To compare with South Asia the number of girls who don't have primary education in 2000 almost the same about 22 millions, while the number of girls with primary education in other countries is only 12,8 millions.
What is more, the results show that the numbr of boys without primary education achieve only 20 millions, in all regions.
And, of course, government have to control the number of air travel per day to save our planet and air pollution.
What is more the majority believe that the number of air travel don not influence global warming.
In conclusion, inspite of other problems, I believe that our future time it will be some laws which will reduce the number of air travel and that it will influence the global warming on the positive sights.
According to the graph can be said that in the beginning of the tested period the least amount of children without primary education was in the Rest world (10,5 million of boys and 12,8 mil.
Of course, the amount of children without any knowledge fell and reached it's minimum of 14,5 mil.
But on the other side there are too much airplanes owned by different businessmen now.
Due only to that fact, that our nature spoils by airtravelling, the amount of flyghts of rich people should be reduced.
But goverment can't just reduce the amount of flyghts even because of themselves.
That is why some people think that goverment should decline the number of air travel.
Nowadays, there are a huge amount of international companies which have their business in many countries in the world.
In my opinion, government should have a politics which leads to decreasing harmful effect of using air travel rather that introduce special laws which will decrease the number of air travel and get the globalization worse.
It is also interesting to see that in Africa and in the Rest of World declining in numbers of girls to 2012 was nearly the same (near 5 millions).
In Africa 5,5 millions and Rest of World 2,8 millions less without primary education.
To sum up, I would like to say that of course air pollution is a huge reason for the reducing amount of flights, but world business is impossible with out itand it makes a big impact on world economic.
The chart shows the amount of boys and girls,who did not pass the primary school in 2000 and 2012 years in Africa, South Asia and the rest of world.
In Africa in this period we can see the download trend in number of children without accessing the primary education, for girls from 23,7 to 18,2 millions and for boys from 20 to 14,5 millions.
In conclusion, it should be observed that the number of young people in all of this regions became less, if wee see the changes from 2000 to 2012.
The lowest number of children is in South Asia was in 2012 where 4,8 millions of girls and 5,1 millions of boys weren't able to graduate the primary school.
But on the other hand there are many situations when people choose plane for trips which take one or two hours.
The chart demonstrates the information how much children did not attend primary school from 2000 to 2012 by sex and region, It is noticeable, that in 2000 Africa had the biggest number of children without access to primary school education.
It accounted fro 23,7 millions of girls and 20 millions of boys.
It accounted for 4,8 and 5,1 millions of children amoung girls and boys.
The number of uneducated African children declined on almost 10 millions.
In 2012 it accounted for 18,2 millions of girls and 14,5 millions of boys.
The same number of children without access to primary school education had South Asia in 2000, where 21,6 millions are girls and 11,1 million are boys.
In addition, there are just under 25 millions of children in 2000 and slightly more than 15 millions of children in 2012 in rest of world.
Today, a great number of air travel is made that impacts on our environment and causes air pollution and global warming.
To begin with, plane is one of the most popular way of travelling that requires burning a large number of fuel.
These emissions impact on atmosphere causing such dangerous consequences as greenhouse effects, acid rain and especially, global warming.
It is really convenient, but there are some ecological consequances of using this machines.
I agree with the position that amount of air travels should become less, because harmful things that sent into the atmosphere during burning the fuel are cause some issues such as global warming, air polution.
There are a lot of transport, that burn the same fuel.
If the government introduce laws that reduce the amount of car travels, it will be more useful, because there are a lot of cars and partiqurary everyone have a car.
Reducing the number of cars can help to decrease burning a lot of fuel and then to decline the harmful consequences.
In conclusion, I would like to say that the introducing laws that reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure is not useful because there are a lot of another harmful transport that have bad influence on environment.
I strongly disagree with statement that "as a lot of air travel is unnecessary, so government should ban air travel for business and leisure", because it can influence on our lives, our works and our weekends.
The bar chart bellow indicates, tht the minimum number of femail gender, was little less 5 percentage in such region as South Asia in 2012.
Environment protection is a conversational issue, which generates a great deal of heated debates with supporters, who claim, that it is very necessary to abond different useless flights, while opponents suppose, that it isn't a great problem, which is provided by laws of governmnet.
Secondly, nowadays political position is dangerous and a lot of type of air travelling are damaged.
Besides, these unrecognizable sutuations kill huge amount of human lifes.
All of these are more safe than planes, and a lot of people are frightened by a huge amount of kilometres from the ground.
We can see the tendence, that the number of young generation both sexes without a primary education declined in general from 2000 to 2012.
But sometimes air travel is unnecessary because people have no need to go somewhere by plane so there is a point of view, that the governments of different countries should decline the number of air travel by laws, because air transport causes air pollution and it is also a reason of global warming.
Let's start with the point of view, that the governments should ignore this situation and the amount of flights remains steady.
Now let's consider the opinion, that the governments should reduce the amount of flights.
This situation has its advantages: air transport will pollute the atmosphere less, and there will be less air accidents.
After 12 years the situation had become better, the amount of boys and girls without primary education decreased on 5,5 million respectively.
Countries of the Rest of World had downward trend, the amount of children decreased.
In 2000 exactly 20 millions of boys and about 24 millions of girls did not attend primary school.
This picture gives information about changes of amount of boys and girls, who did not have a access to primary school education between 2000 and 2015 in different regions.
(boys - 20 millions, girls -23,7 millions).
But in the end of 2012 there was decreasing same children to 14,2 millions and 18,2 millions respectively in 2012.
The amount of children without access in Rest of World was 10,5 and 12,8 (boys and girls respectively) in 2000.
And There was a decline to 7,7 millions and 7,6 millions.
As been clearly understand that the big amount of planes makes noise and exhaust, but it very comfortable type of transport.
Of course, if goverments think that alot of air travel is unnecessary, can introduce laws to reduce the number of air travel for business and leisure.
We should about future and now scientists work an the new disel oil, which will safety for air pollusion and global warmingIn conclusion, I would say that air travel is necessary for people, because anyone want to wach other countries, their culture, to solve this business problems.
African numbers degreased from this period too, but not so rapidly, only from 23,7 millions to 18,2 for girls and from 20 millions to 14,5 for boys).
Firstly, if it is true, that a lot of air travel is unnecessary, and it is used by personal aims, then I think it is just humanity egoism and we need to limit that for the future.
from the table it is clear that in 2000 Africa had the largest number of children without access to primary school reaching almost 45 millions.
The number of children without access in Africa and in South Asia in 2000 and 2012 respectively were quite the same (almost 33 millions), met in South Asia the number of girls was almost twice as much as number of boys.
In 2012, in South Asia there is a greadually fall of number of children without access gaining 10 millions.
And the number of girls and boys were almost the same (4,8 millions and 5,1 millions respectively).
According to the bar chart, in 2000 Rest of World had almost 24 millions of children without access to primary education.
And also in 2012, the number decreased to 15 millions (the number of boys and girls were quite the same again).
So, the government should pay attention on this sides, because without air transportation it is complicated to connect between develop and developing countries.
The bar chart compares the amount of children who had no access to primary education from 2000 and 2012.
The most dramatical decrease had a place in South Asia, where the amount of children without access became about 3 times less, from 32,7 millions of children in 2000 to 9,9 millions in 2012.
People think that these fuel is the most harmful, but they do not think about other ways of transportation.
I mean, the reducing of the amount of flights would lead to using such types of transport as cars, for example.
Furthermore, the amount of car drivers is really huge, so their fossil fuels pollute nature greatly that is is even more dangerous.
The higher number of children without primary education was in the Africa in 2000 and it was equal more than 40 millions.
Interesting, that in the South Asia in 2012 the point degreased to to approximately 10 millions, and it is best situation with children, if we say about regions from this chart.
Situation in Rest of World was changed from 23 million children in 2000 to 15 millions in 2012.
, number of girls often higher than number of boys, and just in South Asia and Rest of World in 2012 this items was different.
And a lot of air traver is unnecessary, some people sure, we should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel.
Number of boys and children in South Asia rapidly fall and equal approximotely 10 millions in 2012 and number of children in Rest of World fall.
The char illustrate thot number of girls higher thon number of boys without access to primary education in 2000.
But in 2012 number of boys and girls without primary school education in Rest of World according reached 7,7 and 7,6 millions.
Nowadays number of air travel increase.
Many people people think thot a lot of air travel is unnecessary.
Secondly, most people think that airplane pollute air, bat cor is more pollute air, because I disagree that a lot of air travel unnecessary and goverment should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel, because air travel very safety, comfortable and faster type of transport.
Generally, we could clearly see that in all observing regions amount of children without acess to primary education are significantly dropped down from 2000 to 2012.
It also easy to note that South Asia had the most signly downward trend for number of illiteracy boys & girls from 21,6 million to 4,8 million for boys and from 11,1 to 5,1 millions for girls.
I should mentioned that Africa in 2012 were equal with South Asia in 2000 by total amount of illiteracy children.
I 2000 year the number of not educated children was almost 45 millions (20 millions boys and 23,7 girls).
In 2012 the results became better: 33 millions with 14,5 millions of boys and 18,2 millions of girls.
I 2000 year the smallest number was in the rest os world: 10,5 millions of boys and 12,8 of girls.
But in 2012 the best results shows South Asia with only 10 millions children without opportunity to get a primary school education.
Sometimes in the last days before the departure tikets on the train could be really expencive and not everybody have enough money to pay for it.
To sum up it is important to notice that I am totally against limitations of air travellig, because it is not the most harmful mean of transport and in these way the idea of government will just reduce people's opportunity.
The provided diagram illustrates changes in the amount of children who had not got access to primary school education during the period from 2000 to 2012.
First of all, it can be clearly seen that 20 millions of boys and 23,7 millions of girls, who lived in Africa in 2000, had not got access to primary education.
5 millions of boys and the same amount of girls had not got access to primary schools in 2012.
In 2000 11,1 millions of boys 21,6 millions of girls were illiterate.
And by the end of the period only 5,1 millions of Asian boys and 4,8 millions of Asian girls did not study in primary schools.
What is more important, a great amount of cases when air kinds of transport suddenly broke durind the flight are known.
Sometimes they have not got enough time to walk with their children or even to sleep.
The greatest decreases in numbers were also in South Asia: in 2000 there were 21,6 million boys and 11,1 million girls who did not have access to primary education and in 2012 those figures dropped to 4,8 millions and 5,1 millions respectively.
Some people think that to solve this problem gevernment should decrease the amount of not essential travels for business and rest.
For example, if there is a little number of things which should be delivered, they could be sent to place where there is enough number of them and after that they all could be transported by a plane.
Another thing about South Asia is that on overall in the year 2012 there are nearly three times less children without primary education then in the year 2000.
As of an overall and final observation, it is true to say that, regardless of the year we are looking at, the rest of the world always has less children without access to primary education in summary, than Africa and South Asia.
Thus, they do not have enough time for their children.
The bar graph illustrates how the amount of boys and girls who were not able to get a primary education was changing during 2000-2012 in different world regions.
During 12 years South Asia was sharply decreasing the quantity of children who have not an access to primary school education from around 34 millions of childs to 10 millions that is the minimum rate of all regions in this period of time.
Every day a huge amount of air crafts are flying from one destination to another leaving a great deal of pollution to the air and governments are able to create some restrictions for the environmental protection.
For instance, if we will send only one but fully filled plane instead of several half-blanked it will help to decline air pollutions.
A lot of others types of transport give not less pollutions than aircrafts, so oceans, rivers, seas are in trouble too.
In South Asia umber rises down from above 30 millions to 10 millions and it is the largest fall on the chart.
It is interesting that with generally decreasing the amount of boys and girls become equal.
There is an opinion that large amount of air travel cause an air pollution and global warming, and it is necessary to limit the number of air travel.
The highest number of children (more than 43 millions), without any access to primary education was in Africa in 2000.
Also there is the smalles bar with the total number of such children about 10 millions, but in South Asia and only twelve years later.
In Africa for twelve-years period this number stay smaller only from 43 millions to 32.
When in South Asia we can see a large contract between such numbers in 2000 and 2000, from 32 millions to 10!
First of all, there are a large amount of different factors, which have influence on such problems.
In conclusion, there are a lot of different factors witch may have influence on such environmental problems like air pollution and global warming, we don't have to talk only about air transport.
7 millions of girls were not able to study in primary schools.
5 millions of boys were without education.
In 2002 the amount of boys and girls, who were not able to study in primary schools was almost equal.
First of all it is impossible to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure because nowadays people have a tendency to visit as much countries as it is possible.
It means that they do not have enough time to entertain their kids.
So when parents spend a lot of time with their work, they can'not follow the child's upbringing.
To begin with, career is the main obstack to spend enough time with family.
To sum up, help to find a proper way in further life it is significant duty of parents and it is quite important to spend enough time with children to protect them from any troubles.
The table illustrates the amount of global smartphone profits between 2010 and 2015 years.
What about Samsung, as others smartphone, that we can see on the graph, is not noticeable the amount of profits, approximately 15%.
7 millions girls haven't primary education.
Futhermore; number of these boys was plummeted to 14,5 millions.
But in the all region we see gender unequal; in 2000 boys have education often then girls on 15 millions.
Moreover, this alternatives have more positive ways as well-known time in transport.
As a result, this problem has two point of view, If this statements to compare, we should says, that global warming and air pollution more dangerous and have more negatives consinqunces then positive from air travel.
If parents do not spend enough time with children, when they cannot control him or her.
There are several problems related to this trend, so solutions have to be found to prevent this problems.
Among this three brands Samsung has the most percentage of sharing.
So they need a lot of money on it.
It is common knowledge that this phenomen can cause the feel of isolation.
The second reason I see is that very small amount of fathers is interested in upbringing of his child.
The line graph below illustrates how many percentage of profits recieved global smartphone companies from 2010 to 2015.
Nowadays parents usually are busy at work and do not spend enough time with their childrens.
They do their best in order to get enough money for food, clothes, education of their children, ect.
Thus, modern mothers have not got many leisure time on their children as they used to have.
Nowadays, adult people spend a lot of time on working and earning money.
First of all, in conditions of modern world, a lot of career and job opportunities become available and young ambitious people are tend to use their chance to prove themselves that they are worth something, make all their dreams come true.
Thus, they don't have enough time for their children, as high positions and prestigious job often take all time of the person.
Thus, adults have to combat their work places and to spend a lot of time on job.
Secondly, nowadays women become more independent, so they do not have enough time for sitting at home with their children, and, as a result, they hire a babysitter.
The main problem of modern parents' lifestyle is that children do not have enough control and it can result in their education level, social life etc.
Moreover, children who have a lack of communication with their parents may not have enough knowledge and experience to act right in different social situations.
Unfortunately all these reasons can cause big amount of problems.
It is clearly seen that amount of children without primary education decreased in all regions: Africa, South Asia and Rest of World in general.
The worst result was in Africa in 2000, in this region the number of these children is about 40 millions, next twelwe years this amount decreasedley 20% and became like in South Asia this rate declined to 10 millions.
4 millions in 2000 to 15.
3 millions in 2012.
In addition, HTC and Blackberry have had at least shares of all market.
To start with, why children have less opportunities to communicate with parents?
In addition, if parents don't pay a lot of attention on their children, they will not have an opportunity to control children's bad influence of his/her friends, start to smoke or dring alcohol.
To sum up, I want to say that in modern society people pay more attention on their level of life and try to earn a lot of money.
This can cause such problems as not having enough time to develop a character in your own child, giving away your own chance to raise a kid to someone else.
So both parents and their offspring abuse gadgets this results in the situation when they just can't find time to spend with each other.
This companies together set up most of amount of the smartphone's market volume.
Nowadays this companies placed amount of the market: Apple is the leader of industry, after them causes Samsung, and it seems like HTC and Blackberry have relevant shares of market.
So today there are lots of working mam as and free-child pairs.
One of this problems are cause in that case: parents which go out to the work and working in interesting places can be takes their children lots of interesting and useful information.
Overall, the highest percentage share is Apple company, while others have less shares.
In today's world many people are working and cannot spend a lot of time with their children.
Therefore, man and woman are working in the whole day job and therefore cannot spend a lot of time with their children.
Obviously, first solution is not objective and hard doing because in state budget has not a lot of money for paying huge wages for all employment people.
There are less and less resources which can be used by one person, so every adult, even if one is a parent, try to work and work without tireness to become richer than one is.
It is clearly seen, that Africa and South Asia have the biggest amount of children without access to education amount all regions in 2000, 43.
7 millions and 32.
7 millions respectively.
For instance, in countries with a small amount of flight people use other transport and because of that the statistics of depth during the traveling is worse then in other countries.
At conclusion I would say that in contemporary world people need to have a lots of air travel as they develop very fast and the most fastest way of traveling must be exist.
Also, they do not have enough free time such as vacation or something like this.
Moreover, now we live in the world of big consumption where it is very difficult to live if you don't have enough money.
For example, it is an excellent idea to spend a lot of time together when parent have day-off.
They also should scarify their own spare time to be sure that they pay enough attention to their children.
On the graph in 2000 in Africa amount of girls that access to primary eduction was higher than amount of boys.
This was in south asia too, amount of girls in 2000 was higher than boys and 2000 it was smaller.
And in Africa amount of girls is higher than boys in 2012 and 2000.
The highest progress was made in the South Asia where analysed data decreased from more than 30 millions of children to 10 millions.
The same trend is viewable in Africa where the number of children without access to primary school decreased for 10 millions but the ration at girls and boys almost remained stable.
For example, more than 11 millions people had access to primary education in Africa in 2012 in comparison with 2000.
9 millions children don't have access to primary education in 2012.
It is less more than 22 millions in 2000.
3 millions children was without primary education in 2000, in 2012 it was 15.
3 millions.
6 millions to 4.
8 millions.
A huge number of air travel is unnecessary, but they destroy our cology and support air pollution and global warming.
It is reasons for question: should goverment reduce the number of air travel for air company and use lows for it?
So, if we fastly decrease a number of air travel, it will has harder impact on economical factors.
There are two charts which show information about amount of facebook's users and also user's reasons for using facebook.
Less than 140 millions people use facebook on desktop.
In spite of this fact amount of people who use mobile version grew sharply.
To be more precise, the above-mentioned decrease was not the same for each of three regions, while the number of children without access to primary education felt down by 23 millions of children in South Asia, the same figure for the Rest of World region decreased only by 7 millions.
This time the most abrupt changes accured in South Asia too: the number of girls and boys decreased by roughly 17 millions and 6 millions for girls and boys, correspondingly.
That is why I strongly agree, that governments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of wastes, but not the amount of air travel itself.
The chart illustrate the amount of children without acess in different countries by gender and region.
2 millions children girls in 2012.
7 millions in the same region.
5 millions and 7.
7 millions in 2012 respectivly.
7 millions, but in South Asia in 2000 the rate was 21.
6 millions, so South Asia as at the second stage in 2000.
South Asia in 2012 was at the latest position, compering the amount of girls and boys respectivly.
So, if means that recycling of the waste takes a lot of time and has an awful effect, on our planet.
In this case our enviroment will be saved and the role of goverment in this proces will increase.
The bar graph illustrates changes in the amount of kids which could noy take a primary school education between 2000 and 2012 by gender and location.
Also we can see that number of girls without initial education tupicaly higher than amount of boys.
Air travel plays a great role in this issue because of burning a lot of fuel during the flights.
So all of us neet it because we haven't got enough time to travel by bus or train.
There are many reasons and one of this reasons is air travel.
Many aircraft manufactors thinking about about this problems and they can solve the problem using new technologies and constructions.
7 millions children without access to primary school education in 2000 year, by contrast in Rest of World - 13.
3 millions children.
7 millions children.
In South Asia number of girls dramaticaly falled from 21.
6 millions and boys 7.
7 millions.
9 millions.
Nowaday all over the world many internetional business and wokers this company can quiqly going in other country.
For example, amount of girls in Africa is 23.
There is opinion, that the one of the cause of air pollution is airplane, and for the solving it government should decrease the number of air travel.
Unfortunately, I do not agree with these opinion, and below I will try to explain my idea.
For example, care, manufactures and people's factors as whole can be cause of these problem too.
That is why government should not only airplanes to decline number of travel, but and for others polluted factors.
For illustrating I have businessman, because of reducing the number of business travel, they can to lose money ad clients.
It can be seen that the amount of children who cannot acces to primary education is reduced, from 2000 (43.
It can be seen that the amount of boys is small in every piece of world in comperrison with the amount of girls.
To my mind this results are right, becouse in the whole world girls are learning and studying more than boys.
To my mind the main couse of this is that boys need to go Army and after army a little amount of boys could continuing to learn and to study.
As a result we can see that in the whole world the amount of children who access to primary education is realy slace down and it is incredible.
Global warming is one of the most important problems in the whole world nowdays and this problem need to solve, becouse if every president of big country don't take enough attention to solving this big problem our beautiful world aill be failed.
Any times ago one of the most talented actors from all over the world Leonardo di Caprio finally take an Oscar and after many kind of congratulations he said, that we need to support to people who tried to solve global warming problem not only for us but also for our children for children's children.
The highest number was 45 millions (23.
The number of Africa girls student was 23.
7 than followed by number of children on 45 millions.
In concluding, this char gives to us many usefull information about education in other regions.
It is unanimously acknowledgethat many travel proven to contribute.
And in the other world this figures is 12.
However, I do not think that this types is less polluted.
The number of this type youngsters become smaller in 2012 compared with 2000 by approximately 30 per cent.
7 millions to 10 milliong without access to primary scool education from 2000 to 2012.
There is a controversial point that governments should decrease the number of plane using for some less important actions because of huge amount of travelling by air transport as a whole.
And many researches ask the question: "Who will be this children?
Also, many authorities suggest to make the less amount of our travels.
And when ships are flying, they throw a great amount of dangerous fuel things to the atmosphere.
As for reseachers opinions, a great amount of airplane travels isn't necessary for people.
A lot of authorities suppose that it is simple to write the rules and laws, which will protect a big amount of travels.
And if Governments reduce the amount of air travels, it will not help to save the nature.
The chart shows the difference in amount of children who does not go to school between 3 region (Africa, South Asia and rest of world) in 2000 and 2012 years.
Moreover South Asia had the smallest amount of children who had not got access to primary education in 2012 and in previous period rest of World had the smallest level.
Finally, in all regions the amount of girls without education was higher but in 2012 the situation has changed.
Government cannot reduce activities of all industries (in this case people need to produce less goods with such results like famine and lack of goods).
7 millions girls and 20 millions boys.
6 millions to 4.
8 millions.
This chart give me information, that number children who don't have opportunity to have school education increase every year.
Nowadays there are more than ten thousands avia companies in the world.
This avia companies make world smaller, whih give a lot of opportunities to people.
Firstly, this las are nor good for people, who like travel.
This is why students or employees cannot spent a lot of time with close people, in particular, with their parents, because of general business.
The first and the most dangerous if that old parents are staying alone.
In addition, feminists opened this opportunity for women and many woman have job nowadays.
Nevertheless, parents don't give enough attention for it and allow their children to take habbits from other people.
In the conclusion it can be added, that there is no sence to be a parent if you do not spend enough time with your child.
Nowadays, it is necessary to everyone to have enough money and resources in order to live well.
For example we can develop special programs of rehabilitation for ex-criminals or improve general quality of life, then there will be less reasons to do crime.
The amount of boys and girls have approximately equal figures (4,8; 5,1).
But others argue that a lot of air travel is unnessary and we should not do anything.
On the first chart we can see that amount of desktop users become less to about to millions people but number of mobile users rise to 40 millions.
Generally, amount of facebook users grow up to 30 millions people from 2012 to 2013.
7 millions, but in 2012 there were reduce in sum amount, but the difference in amount between number of girls and boys increased.
In the Sough Asia in 2000 the number of girls without access to primary school as near like double amount of boys.
Comparing these region, point is that in the Africa in the whole duration from 2000 to 2012 the sum amount of children without chance to attempt primary school was higher than in other regions.
Also, I disagree with opinion that a lot of air travel is unnecessary.
If looking in the chart then we vision what boys and girls in the 2012 years going to school very few, then in the 2000 years.
6 millions and in the 2012 years 4.
8 millions.
8 millions only girls study in primary school and I think that this awesome.
As a lot of air travel is unnecessary, governments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure.
This graphs shows us number boys and girls in different region of our world.
Also we see that number of boys fewer number of girls.
4 millions.
We can told about it becose number of desktops users of Facebook fall from 150 millions to nearly 135 millions over the year.
By the other hand we can notice that in March 2013 desktops will rather popular than mobile phones to using Facebook, 135 millions versus 95 millions.
Changing of number of this situations will be near by zero becose by the great majority laws this type of crime means life long prison sentence or execution.
In 2000 the number of children was nearly 45 millions.
The relation of boys and girls had 20 millions to 23.
5 millions and number of girls 18.
2 millions.
In 2000 in South Asia number of children was nearly like in Africa in 2012: the amount of children was 30 millions.
In 2000 the amount of girls and boys was 12.
5 millions correspondenly.
As a lot of air travel is unnecessary, governments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure.
As it's given the number of children without access in Africa surely decreased from 44 millions to 33 millions (23.
7 millions against 18.
2 for girls and 20 millions against 14.
5 millions for boys).
The next region is South Asia, here the rate jumped down in 3 times from 33 millions in 2000 to 10 millions in 2012.
6 millions to 4.
8 millions for girls and from 11.
The sum sloped down from 24 millions to16 millions.
It is clearly shown on the chart that the most significant decrease happened in South Asia, where the amount of non-educated children in 2012 cut morethat 3 times comparing to 2010s' data.
In Africa amount of non-educated children is decreasing, however, not so rapidly as it happen in South Asia.
Number of non-educated girls in 2012 is even less, than amount of boys.
As soon as planes were invented, humanity explored a great amount of opportunities to transport stuff quicker, or people easier.
As for Africa, the amount of girls without access to primary school dropped to 5.
6 million which is less than amount of boys with 7.
7 millions.
To sum up, the leader with the smallest amount of children without access to primary school in 2002 was Rest of World.
I have three explanations why the law which reduces amount of business and leisure travels is a bad idea.
However, it is a big investment and a lot of time which are not available for some countries.
The biggest different between them we see at South Asia in 2000 and one is about 10 millions.
Thirdly, today our planet face to serious problem of global warming, wich can appear for couse of a lot of quality of air travel.
The bar chart clearly demonstrates the amount of children who hasn't got an access to primary education between 2000 and 2001.
Besides the amount of girls without access to primary education in South Asia became even larger.
According this bar chart, the amount of children from Africa and the rest of world without abilities to study in primary school is dropping slowly.
It is interesting that this changes are significant in South Asia.
In conclusion, I want to say that it is necessary to reduce the number of air travel, but it could be done correctly.
7 millions of children without education, but in 2012 is better, also 32.
7 millions of kid (18.
6 millions of girls and 11.
9 millions of children (4.
8 millions of girls and 10.
5 millions of boys, but in 202 between girls and boys amount were, almost equal (7.
All in all, I believe that despite having some drawbacks, a lot of air travel is absolutely necessary in the modern world.
3 millions higher than the number of girls without access decreased in very region in the period from 2000 to 2012.
That's why I strongle believe that introducing some laws to reduce the amount of flights must be introduced by government.
First of all, a lot of air travel is really unnecessary.
The main reason is that air travel is the fastest, the most comfortable and the most convinient way, but if the government introduce laws that will prohibit such amount of unnecessary flights, people will have to change to more environmentaly friendly ways to travelling and such restrictions will be very effectively.
We can't lose many time in way.
The graf below represents the difference between the amount of children who did not get primary school education during the period of 2000-2012 by gender and region.
We also can see that in each region there was a decline in the amount of children during the represented period.
As it is evident from the bar chart there is a great difference between South Asia 2000 and South Asia 2012 equal to 6 millions in case of boys and about 16 millions in case of girls.
The colums "rest of world" give us an information that in Africa the number of described category is doubl the number in the rest of world, it is true as in 2000 as as in 2012.
The chart below illustrates how much girls and boys did not finish anitial education in Africa, South Asia and Rest of World in 2000 and 2012 year.
The amont of children withoun anitial education in Africa in 2000 was about 44 millions while in other two countries it was less then 34 millions.
6 millions boys and 11.
8 millions boys and 5.
Some people say that the government should decrease the number of air travel for job and rest by lows.
For example, if someone live in America and have busines parters in Russia, with whom it is important to meet face-to-face, he cannot reduce the amount of flights.
If the government decide to decrease the number of air travel they can lose their jobs.
By statistics, rich people travel by planes and helicopters more often then those who have not got so much richies.
If governments introduce laws to reduce the number of air travel, they will start use trains to move from one place to another.
If people have a lot of time they will use transport, that less pollutes an air.
7 millions of children in Rest of World).
In this situation governments and society should not ignore the problems, connected with it, trying to coordinate efforts for searching a solution.
The given chart describes how much children of both gender around the world have got no access to primary education.
Moreover, there is a trend of reducing of number of children without access to these education.
Number of African children declined from 44 millions to near 33 for this 12 years.
By the way, "Rest of the World" bar suffered a moderate decline too, getting down by near 8 points to 15 (millions).
Furthermore, South Asian number of children have a dramatic fall from 33 millions in 2000 to only 10 in 2012.
It's not only gas providing but tons of oxygen burnt so the trees, the forests can't produce enough oxygen to solve this problem.
Many people think that there have been much unnecessary flights and the air travel for leisuring are unnecessary too.
6 millions to 4.
8 millions).
7 millions).
The bar chart illustrates the data of the amount of children that don't have possibility to study at primary school in the period from 2000 to 2012 grouped by region and gender.
The other feature is that in 2000 the amount of girls that have such a problem with access to education was higher that the boys.
The amount of boys without access to primary education is 14.
5 millions in Africa, from 32.
5 to 10 millions in South Asia and from about 24 to a bit more than 15 millions in the rest of the World.
Number of girls reduced on 5 millions, and among boys it is 5.
5 millions in Africa.
8 millions (from 21.
6 millions while it is from 10.
In 2012, however, the situation changed and the amount of both sexes became relevant, 4.
The statistics decresed by approximately 5 millions in both cases: with girls and boys.
However, if in South Asia the amount of infants without access to primary education became noticeably low and standed for about 5 millions in the Rest of World figures stayed high in 2012.
Consequently, without flourishing economic area that is provided by that enterpreneurs and also air companies the standards of life and likely to decrease dramatically because people will loose their jobs, some goods in some regions will not be available and so on.
I am totally sure that the efficiency of laws which reduce the amount of business and leisure flights will not be as high as it is necessary to protect the environment.
7 millions.
More over number of children without access to primary school in Africa (2000) almost twise more than in the Rest of World and on 10 millions more than the South Asia in the same period of time.
3 millions frequently.
From my point of view it is impossible to reduce the number of air traveling wich are unnecessary for governments as business and leisure.
The chart illustrates some changes in the number of children (millions) whi didn't have access to primary school education by gender and region (Africa, South Asia and rest of world).
From the chart it is clear that the most number of children without access to primary education was in Africa in 2000 (20 millions boys and 23.
1 millions of boys and 18.
6 millions of girls.
It can be clearly seen that the great amount of children without access to primary school is in the Africa.
Then, in South Asia in 2000 it was the Africa's 2012 level, so, about 32 million of childs without access to education, exceptionally an amount of girls was much more bigger than boys.
As for the rest of world, in 2000 there were about 24 million of children without possibility to study, the amount of girls was little bit more, than boys.
First of all, there are incredibly great amount of fabrics and factories, which also cause air pollution and global warming.
As can be seen from the chart, the great deal of children without access to primary school education was in Africa in 2000 (over 45 millions) where the number of girls was slightly higher than boys.
5 millions respectively, that depicts a significant rise of children that access to primary school education.
Moving to the rest of world, it can be seen that during all period of time the number of student without acess to primary education was declined and almost equal number of both girls and boys access to primary school education in 2012.
In 2000 20 millions of boys and 23.
7 millions of girls did not have access to primary school education in African region.
5 millions of boys and girls.
8 millions.
In the Rest of the World number of children without access to primary school education decreased from 24 millions to 15 millions.
In my opinion, as a lot of air travel is unnecessary, governments have to control this sphere of transport better.
It's seen that the amount of children without access to primary school education is higher in Africa and South Asiathat in rest countries of the world.
The highest number of children without access to pripary education was in 2000 in Africa and it reached the mark for about 45 millions: 23.
7 millions of girls and only 20 millions of boys.
In 2012 this number became lower - 33 millions of children, but still the amount of girls was bigger.
There was a dramatic fall in number of children between 2000 and 2012 in South Asia: approximately 33 millions for 2000 and only 10 millions in 2012.
Speaking about the rest of the world we can see a slightly fall during the period of 12 years: from almost 25 millions of children in 2000 to more than 15 millions in 2012.
They think that the great amount of air travels affected the air and the environment and one and only way to solve this problem is to introduce new laws.
7 millions against 32.
The united tendency is the decreasing numbers of the chart in all categories and it means that access to first classes education was raised.
9 in 2012, so the level of access to the school was increased on 22 millions of children.
Secondly, I disagree with the statement that lot of air travel is unnecessary.
The first is the much amount of girls without primary school education, then boys in all regions and years, except South Asia in 2012.
In the Rest of World were not a lot of childrend and due this period theire indicators change for a few percent down.
This facts must damage everyone and, expectualy, governments.
Amount of children without access to primary education in Africa in 2000 was an upward trend with as many as 23.
7 millions of girls and 20 millions of boys.
5 millions of girls and boys respectively.
Nevertheless, the situation shifted because in 2012 it was South Asia that reached a bottom of 10 millions children: 4.
8 millions of girls and 5.
The graph demonstrates the amount of boys and girls without access to primary education between 2000 and 2012.
6 millions of girls and 11.
Moreover, the amount of children in Africa decreased from 43.
7 millions to 32.
7 millions between 2000 and 2012.
8 and 10 millions).
7 millions.
9 millions of children).
Overall, there is a trend among all countries of declining the amount of children without access to primary education.
In recent years, there is a huge amount of airplanes in the sky.
7 millions.
More than 10 millions boys and girls acccsepted to primary school education.
9 millions children still stay without access to primary school education.
7 millions child had not take education in primary school.
Many people guess that a lot of air travel is unnecessary, governments should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure.
By the other hand, without air travelling we will meet many problem face-to-face.
The graph demonstrates changes in amount of kids, who has no opportunity to enter primary school in different areas since 2000 till 2012.
But still, South Asia takes the first place, because there are only 10 millions children, who can't go to primary school.
In 2000 the number of such children was almost 33 millions.
But still, I can't say that there was no progress in Africa: in 2000, the amount of children without access to primary education was incredible: almost 45 millions!
3 millions, nowadays it is about 15 millions kids without possability to enter primary school.
This diagram demonstrates the dynamic in the amount of boys and girls, who did not learn at primary school in different areas of our planet in period between 2000 and 2012.
2 millions of girls and 2.
8 millions of boys.
7 millions in 2000 and 32.
7 millions in 2012.
5 millions of girls and 5.
3 millions of boys in the displayed period.
The amount of girls without education at primary school in 2012 is four times smaller, than this quantity in 2000.
The amount of boys is double time smaller in 2012, than in 2000.
In addition, reducing the amount of flights is connected to the consfictuonal right of people.
However, one important trend can be noticed that the whole amount of children without access to primary education decreased by 2012 in comparison with the indexes of the begining of 20 century.
For example, the number of children without access to primary schools accounted for approximately 45 millions of children, in Africa in 2000, but the amount of children went down by 2012 (reached a low of approximately 35 millions).
Many people maintain the idea of introduction special laws which may restrict and decline the number of air transportation.
However, air travel creates a huge amount of fossil fuels emissions which lead to global warming, air pollution.
According to this chart, the highest level of children without access to primary education shows in Africa, where about 45 millions children didn't have a primary school education in 2000 and 32 millions had not got it to 2012 yet.
Meanwhile, the level of children without access to primary education in South Asia have shown rapid dicrease from 2000 to 2012 and in 2012 the umber of such children is just 10 millions, which is less then in the Rest of World.
Plans need a lot of engine to fly, and they burn a lot of petrol to produce such engine.
As a lot of air travel is unnecessary, our government should create some ways to reduce a number of such travels by introducing special laws.
The most significant feature is that there is a sharp decrease in South Asia where number of children without access to primary education was 32,7 millions (in 2000) and 9.
Firstly, the great deal of planes causes of air pollution.
Primary education become more available in this 12 years.
Also we should admit that childen if there are actually an equal amount of boys and girls, who can't get education in all countries, besides south Asia, where is due to poor attitude to girls and boys.
So, no wonder, if the amount of cars, buses and other means of transport would take their lead.
The chart below shows the amount of boys and girls that do not have access to primary school in 2000-2012 in different regions.
Firstly, in 2000 20 millions of African boys didn't attend primary schools but the situation changed in 2012 when the amount of boys declined to 14.
To my mind, governments should reduce the amount of flights as it is harmful for the environment.
Around 44 millions of children were limited in getting primary education.
However, by 2012 this number decreased dramatically and became the same as it was in South Asia in 2012 - approximately 33 millions.
Only 10 millions instead of 33 could not go to primary school.
The same downward trend could be mentioned in the rest of the world (from around 25 millions to a bit more than 15).
6 millions of girls and 11.
At the same time, taking lot of time, travelling by a train is a great possibility to relax and to enjoy stanning views instead of the same picture while going by a plane.
To sum up, if people can save this planet without big loss, they should do it, because the upshort of this comfortable and quick trips can be very sad for the environment.
5 millions in every gender group.
6 millions and from 10.
7 millions for girls and boys accordingly so it achieves almost equaly numbers for boys and girls.
It is impossible for business men or politics to spend more days to achieve another country - moreover, it takes lots of money and time to make a special infrastructure for travelling without air planes such as terminals, roads and other once.
It is much more realistic to spend this money on science and create more ecological fuel that helps to avoid bad results of global warming without reduction the amount of flights.
5 millions in 2000: another prominend feature to get primary education.
5 millions; South Asia 5.
7 millions.
9 millions.
On the other hand, some people claim that a lot of air travel is unnecessary.
The chart gives information about amount of children (both boys and girls) who had no opportunity to get education in primary school in three parts of the world (Africa, South Asia and rest of world) from 2000 to 2012.
Overall, the chart illustrates that amount of children without access to education had decreased to 2012 around the world.
The biggest number of children without primary school education in 2000 was in Africa (nearly 43 millions of children), the smallest one was in rest part of world.
However, both locations had quite similar results of kids who got a possibility to access to school (10 millions in Africa and almost 8 in rest of world by the end of 2012).
The gratest difference happend in South Asia where almost 33 millions of children started to access school in 2012, so only 10 millions of kids still are not educated.
The chart represents an amount of boys and girls who do not have access to primary education in a time period from 2000 to 2012 in Africa, South Asia and the rest of world.
In Africa the number of children without access to education separated by gender is almost equal - 20 millions of boys and 23.
7 millions of girls and this number became smaller in 2012, but not much - it is still bigger than in other regions - 33 millions in general (in 2000 it was 44 millions).
In South Asia the amount of non-educated in primary school children was 33 millions and then it falls dramatically to 10 millions in 2012 - and this number is smallest comparing to other regions.
In the rest of the world common number of children without access to primary schools in 2000 is about 24 millions and then this number goes down to 15.
5 millions in 2012.
The amount of boys and girls in this region is almost equal in both time periods.
To sum up, I came to the conclusion that people need to find a decision, but not by introducing laws that brake another laws - people need to use another, not that radical ways to make air pollution and global warming less big and still be free and have an ability to travel at any time.
So, the reduction of air travels for business will do a lot of harm to the economic and social spheres.
7 millions in 2000 to 32.
7 millions in 2012, a giant reduce in South Asia from 32.
7 millions in 2000 to 9.
9 millions in 2012 and Rest of World from 23.
3 millions in 2000 to 15.
3 millions in 2012.
1 millions and 4.
8 millions opt).
So the thesis is that a lot of air travel is unnecessary, so governments should introduce laws to reduce amount of air travel for business and leisure.
Many people say that states have to contribute to reduction of the number of air travel because of its harm influence on air.
On the one hand, it is rather difficult to decrease the amount of flights because it is the fastest way of travelling.
Personally, I think it would be difficult for governments to invent laws reducing the number of air travel because a lot of people need it every day both for business and leisure.
To sum up, it is extremely important to take care of the state of our air but it seems to be almost impossible to cut the amount of flights.
The chart represents the changes of amount of children without access to primary school education over the period from 2000 till 2012 in different areas of the world: Africa, South Asia, Rest of World accordingly.
And this decreased slowly for the period from 2000 to 2012 and become 32 millions, but both girls and boys do not have an access.
5 millions of girls and boys were without education in 2000.
7 millions according to the chart.
8 millions of girls and 5.
And if governments introduce laws that reduce the number of air travel for business and leisure, it could cause social disaster, "bum" among people.
The history gives us a lot of examples of radical reforms and many of them leaded to awful consequences.
I mean a great number of waste, toxic components of their technologies.
To sum up, I want to say that, of course, using airbuses a lot of time has its drawbacks and has a negative influence.
The diagram illustrates the amount of children, who are impossible to visit primary school, based on region and gender from 2000 to 2012.
It is obvious that the country in which the most pupils hasn't access to primary education both in 2000 and 2012 was Africa, where the number of children never was under 30 millions.
Other hand, the number of children without education decreased from 44 millions in which 20 millions boys to 33 millions in 2012 (in which 14.
5 millions boys).
To say about South Asia, it had the number of people without of access to primary education sharply fell in 2012, from 33 millions children; the same as Africa had in 2012; to 10 millions in 2012.
What's more, in South Asia girls had more difficulties with getting education than boys, due to the fact that in 2000 the amount of girls was more than twice in comparison with boys (11.
More children in rest of world in 2012 had chances to study at school, the amount of people without access fell to 15 million, when in 2000 it was nearly 24 millions.
To my mind, there should be made new laws, to control the number of air travel, because of abandon ozone layer eruption and throwing of pollutive gases in the atmosphere.
By shortage of air travelling, people will decrease the influence on atmosphere, due ti the fact that airplanes will fly rarely or the amount of flying objects will become shorter.
There is the graph that demonstrate how much children in different parts of the world had no access to primary school in 2000 and in 2012.
The chart demonstrate both the common number of that children and the numbers of boys and girls.
The first two graph sticks are related to children in Africa and it is clear to see that the number of children without acess to primary school reduced: in 2000 it was around 44 millions, including 20 for boys and 23.
But in 2012 the number of such children was only 10 millions (4.
5 boys and more than 15 millions in 2012, including 7.
So, governments will not reduce the number of air travel by establishing laws because it is not profitable for them.
People today are on the level of development when most of natural borders are acrossed but many scientist and engeneers works for commercial companies and creat unnecessary and unimportant thing such as supersof toilet paper or water proof cloths for dogs, but the goal of saving other hous Earth is more significant althoug it is more difficult.
As for Africa a number of childen, who have lack of an education in primary school, declines from about 42 to 32 (Units are measured in millions of children), in South Asia indicators change from about 32 to about 10, in the Rest of World from about 22 to 15 trougout the current period.
It esteemated practically 44 millions in 2000 and the gender proportion of genders was practically equal (23.
Subsequently, this figure significantly decreased and reached about 33 millions at 2012.
However, it significantly dropped in 3 times, reaching a rate of ten millions, becoming the lowest number among represented.
The number of childer without access in the restofworld was the lowest in 2000 and esteemated 23 million.
On the contrary, to confine flights mean to ignore economical factors: much countries survive thanks to tourism and it can lead to its default.
Also, there is a comparison between 2000 and 2012 year as well as comparison between amount of males and females.
According to the diagram, we can see that number of uneducated teenagers in Africa had slightly decreased by 2012 from fourty four millions in 2000 to thirty three millions in 2012 with approximately equal shapes of boys and girls.
Speaking of South Asia, it is possible to point at dramatical decrease in amount of those who did not get education in primary school from thirty three millions in 2000 to ten millions in 2012 while share of girls, which was about seventy percents of total, changed to fifty percents.
What is about the rest of the world there is a trend in reducal of uneducated kids from twenty four millions in 2000 to a little bit more than fifteen millions in 2012 with approximately equal shares of boys and girls.
The chart shows some information on the amount of boys and girls without the opportunity to enter schools in different world regions.
There was a substantive decrease in the number of boys and girls who are not accessed to primary school in Africa from almost 45 millions to less higher than 32 millions of people.
As for South Asia, it must be mentioned that there was a dramatic decline for more than 20 millions.
More than 5 millions of children got a possibility to study in the last mentioned period.
A lot of people do it by plain and do not consider that frequent flights can cause environmental damages.
The chart illustrates the amount of children, who haven't any opportunity to get prime school education.
Nearly 44 millions in Africa and 33 millions in South Asia in 2000, while in the rest world there are only 23 millions.
A decrease in Africa consists in 7 millions, what is less then in South Asia, where the amount of children without education cut in 3 times and achieved only 10 millions.
There is no way to solve the problem of air pollution and global warming only by cutting the amount of business air trips and leisere traveling.
Thus, I cannot agree that a lot of air travel is unnecessary as private flights are only one of some hundreds of public ones.
Therefore, governments should focus on creating laws to control people's usage of private transport and factories' pullings in rivers and air instead of reducing the amount of air travels used.
The given chart gives information about the amount of non-accessed to primary school education children by gender in different regions in the period between 2000 and 2012.
23,7 millions of girls did not go to school in the beginning while 20 millions of boys were not also allowed.
Till the end it was also 18,2 millions of girls and only 14,5 millions of boys.
In the year 2000 South Asian girls (21,6 millions) didn't attend school while only 11,1 m boys had not the access.
But in 2012 the amount of non-educated children essentially decreased and there was almost the same number of boys (5,1) and girls (4,8).
In the rest of world we see approximately the same amount of boys and girls who do not have an opportunity to go to school.
In the year 2000 there were 12,8 millions of girls and 20,5 millions of boys.
And in the end of the period we see that the amount decreased to 7,6 millions between girls and 7,7 millions between boys.
Some people believe that a lot of travelling is unnecessary and the number of travel for business and leisure should be reduced by the government.
The graph illustrates how changed the amount of youngsters having no opportunity to get primary education from different continents.
The greatest amount of children with no access to education was in Africa in both years (it was more than 40 mln in 2000 and a little higher than 30 mln in 2012).
In 2000 about 20 mln of south Asian girls could not get education and it was approximately two times as many as boys were but there has happened a great change by 2012 and their total amount decreased and was less than 10 millions of children.
As for rest of world, index also was not stable and showed a tendecy to lower the amount of boys and girls without education-supply.
As for me, it is better to improve ecology by waste less industries, energy-saving devices and improving quality of fuel for transport.
It is seen that the highest number of such children is in Africa (around 43,7 millions in 2000), however it is shown that in 2012 the number decreased to 32,7 millions.
However, a lot of air travel is unnecessary because of a lot of fuel using for planes.
During these 12 years the amount of children decreased more than twice.
To my opinion, such steps to reducing the number of air transportation are pointless because they limit people's possibility to move around the world and can make several problems for our globalisafied society.
The given diagram illustrates the difference of the amount of children who have no access to primary school education in 12 years period by gender and region.
The highest mark is hit by Africa in 2000 with roughly 45 millions of non-educated children.
Although, we can see that the amount of children in South Asia in 2000 was roughly the same as in Africa in 2012.
As air travel has been proven to affect the level of air pollution, governments should creat laws to reduce the number of air travel for leisure and business.
For example, there was a strong downward trend in Africa - from nearly a quarter in 2000 it became lower and reached a point of around two millions less than 20 in 2012 for girls, and approximately the same decrease was for boys - 20 and 14,5 millions.
Moreover, a big fall was in South Asia - the number of uneducated girls in 2012 was roughly 5 times smaller than in 2000, which was 4,8 and 21,6 millions respectively.
At the same time, the most stable figures had the "Rest of the World" region, which at the beginning of the era hit a low of nearly 10,5 millions of boys without education and roughly 3 millions more than ten of girls.
Afterwards, the number of boys and girls in this Region, who could not get an education, became approximately the same - 7,6 millions in 2000 and 7,7 in 2012.
Air transport can be dangerous for our planet because even a one plane produces a huge amount of unlikely gases during the flight.
It could be less harmful in case there were less air trips made.
To sum up, the plane produces a significant amount of harmful gases per one flight and the rocketing trend of using it can soon lead to the temperature increase all over the world.
The bar chart given illustrates data about the amount of boys and girls who can't go to school over the twelve-year period from 2000 to 2012.
For instance, the number of girls with access was shortened by 5,5 millions - from 23,7 to 18,2 - and boys trend faced only 25% of shortenness.
Asians could managed to give access to primary education at least 16,4 million more, while for boys this feature was about 6 millions.
Meanwhile at the rest of the world 5,2 million girls had been gaining more and more access until the reaching the amount of 7,5 millions at the end of the period in question.
Firstly, the amount of various natural desasters caused by global warming is increasing in at alarming rate.
So, government should try to stop this threat by reducing the amount of air travels not to allow people to become the victims of pollution.
Analysing the statistics in 2000, it is clear that the indexes was huge and the pick of children's number was in Africa and equaled almost 45 millions.
Minimal counts were in South Asia and equalled 5,1 millions boys and 4,8 millions girls.
However, if government reduct the number of air flight, this procedure will have a negative aspect on the private economy sector of all countries.
According to the information presented in the bar chart, the amount of boys and girls without access to primary school in the period from 2000 to 2012 is almost equal.
We can observe, that the amount of childs without education has a trend to decrease by the time goes on.
Talking in numbers, the highest amount of children without access to primary school was recorded in Africa 16 years ago, where it hitted 43.
7 millions.
On the other hand, the lowest level was recorded on the mark of 10 millions in South Asia, 4 years ago.
In order to summarise the information, it is fair to say, that according to the presented bar chart we can clearly see that the amount of boys and girls without access to primary school is decreasing through out the years and we may predict that according to this trend this number will be drammaticaly low in few years.
The number of boys without education falls from 11,1 to 5,1 while the number of girls falls rapidly to 16,6 millions in there.
As an example, Lochhead Martin presents a new engine that will decrease the amount of toxic traces.
The bar chart illustrates the difference between the amount of children not able to get primary school education in 2000 and 2012, socted by gender and region.
Total amount of children without access to primary education have fallen from about 32,7 millions to 9,9.
Another noticable thing is that the amount of girls in each area was bigger in 2000 then the number of boys.
There is a great amount of other ways to save the environment we need to focus on.
Though the air travel mainly does us a favour, it has to be admitted, that air travel harms and damages the environment, causing air pollution and global warming.
So, the best consideration for governments could be to create and set up more policies and social programs to protect the environment, and at the same time to minimize the amount of those air travel, which are not of most importance.
The chart depicts changes in the amount of children that have no access to get education in primary school during the 12 years according to gender and region factors.
Also we can see that in 2000 the amount of children without primary school education in South Asia were about three quarters of number in Africa and in Rest of World shave took one third in comparison with Africa.
First of all, nowadays the majority of airports offer a lot of type of planes with extra comfort options which contain less passengers while the level of damaging effect stay the same.
In the task I was given there a chart which shows changes in the amount of children without access to primary school education from 2000 to 2012 by gender and region in the world, especially in Africa, South Asia and the Rest of World.
From the chart I can see that a number of boys and girls who didn't have access to get school education was 43,7 millions in Africa in 2000 year.
There were 32,7 millions of children without access.
It is amazing that in 2000 in South Asia an amount of girls without access to school was particular in a twice bigger than an amount of boys.
In the Rest of World there were 23,3 millions of children who cannot go to school in 2000 but in 2012 there were 15,3 millions without access.
At that period, about 23,7 millions of girls had no opportunity to get education, and responsibly, 20 millions of boys.
More than 11 millions of children could additionally get primary education in Africa, in 2012 Africa had the same level of uneducational children as South Asia had in 2000.
Every year the amount of such problems is being increased.
First of all, I'd like to say, that the amount of air travels regulates by market.
However, it's more difficult to reduce the amount of personal transport, than a number of air travel.
Actually, we have some examples, when the governments reduced the amount of cars in cities, but it was made to make a transport system more free and not for minimizing an air pollution.
It means, that if governments is going to reduce an amount of air travels, they should listen to all the opinions and all the side should be agreed with final solution.
The bar chart provides information about the changing of amount of young people with no opportunity of getting primary school education in the time period from 2000 to 2012 compared by gender and region.
8 millions instead of 21.
Both, the number of boys and girls became less on 5 millions of people.
On the other hand, the reduce of amount of the air travel may help to solve problems with air pollution and prevent future global warming as less planes will flight.
In conclusion I'd like to say that cutting down the amount of flights by introducing new laws may affect the air pollution but not greatly, while life of people may become uncomfortable and a lot of them will loose their job.
It was about fourty three point seven millions males and females.
Wherea, in different regions this is result was twenty three point two millions at the same year.
It was only nine point nine millions childrens.
If comparing results of 2000 years we can observe rapidly decrease from about threety four to ten millions boys and girls.
Main trend of this graph are revealed that amount of children that have not access to primary school are fallen, nevertheless, every region has a specific.
For instance, leader one from three regions - Africa, has such results: in 2000Africa had approximately 44 millions children in whole.
Average amount of two genders was equal: 23,7 millions of boys and 20 millions of girls.
All amount went off to 33 millions.
Quantity had fallen from 32,7 millions to 9,9 millions.
But it sharply plummeted to 4,8 millions of girls and 5,1 millions boys.
In 2000 results achieved 23,3 millions.
Quality of girls attained 12,8 millions and boys 10,5 boys.
Nowadays, it take information of 2012, amount gradually decreased to 15,3 millions.
We have a lot of wars, we came from agriculture type to manufacturing, moreover no one countries don't think globally for big aim of safe our Earth, espescially in long term.
All this arguments lead to air travel not a main problem.
There is some information about trends in changing amount of boys and girls who are enable to go to primary school in different regions in the bar charts given.
Firstly, there are so huge amount of risks for people's health and lifes connected with the result of the global warming.
So, as the airplanes have significant impact on this factor, governments should decline this risks by creating new laws for air companies and people who travel a lot.
Behind of this global problems such as air pollution or warming, this type of travelling do contribute to death of many and many peoples in this world.
It can be seen that the largest reduction was in the South Asia from 32,7 to 9,9 millions of children.
Although the number of African children has fallen to approximately 33 millions stayed the biggest one.
They can increase the prices on this type of trip and take much taxes from it.
Looking at the details, as regards changes in Africa, the total number of children without access to primary education saw a significant decline from 43,7 to 32,7 millions.
With respect to male part of the trend, it dropped for about 5,5 millions of people, meanwhile the figures of the female trend millions, too.
If we look at the quantity of girls who finally got the access to education in South Asia, it soared for approximately 18 millions.
About 5 millions of girls were allowed to enter schools, over the period in question, whereas the figure for boys decreased for just under 3 millions of children.
In order to reduce the effect of factory fumes governments have already implemented laws that restrict the amount of fumes exhausted.
However, these limits are often surpassed and these measure do not help so much.
Looking more closely at the figures to 2000, it can be seen that number of children in Africa is approximately twice higher than for children in the rest of world, accounting for 23,7 millions and 12,8 millions for boys, 20 millions and 10,5 millions for girls respectively.
Number of girls in South Asia in this year without access to primary education was approximately the same with the girls in the rest of World, being 11,1 millions.
While figures for boys was twice higher, accounting for 21,6 millions.
In contrast with2012, number of children who had no chance to get primary education fell down from 43 to 33 millions.
The same trend was for the rest of World where number of kids fall by 7 from 23 to 15 millions.
While in South Asia figures fall dramatically by 23 from 33 to 10 millions.
In conclusion, I think that to decrease the number of gases and wasteThe bar charts demonstrate the changes in the amount of children who do not have access to primary education.
The most striking feature is that Africa seems to be a leader with its approximately 44 millions of children in 2000th.
It is important to say that South Asia has successfully overcome the problem: the number of uneducated children decreased from 33 to only 10 millions in past 12 years.
It is clear that average number of this children was declining from 2000 to 2012.
According the chart below, the scale of this problem is largest in Africa, where level of children without access to primary education was about 33 millions in 2012 and 44 mln in 2000.
In my mind, it is useless try to reduce the amount of such types of air travel.
The given chart illustrates the amount of kids and their gender in different regions who did not have an opportunity to go to primary school from 2000 to 2012.
Overall, it is clear to see that in 2012 the common number of children without possibility of educate in the primary school fell down on 8 millions in the rest of World.
3 millions boys more who could not study in the primary school.
Nevertheless, the biggest quantity of not-educated girls were in Africa in 2000 - more than 23 millions.
Almost 30 millions of boys and girls got access to the primary school in this region from 2000 to 2012.
This changes will positively influence on the level of health and amount of births.
Thus, in every region this change was around 3-5 millions for every gender.
Extraordinary gap can be noticed in South Asia, where the number of children decreased for almost seventeen millions for girls and five millions for boys.
It is also clear from the chart that the number of uneducated boys and girls is almost equal at the end of the period in every region, except Africa where the number of girls outweight the ammount of boys for almost 4 millions.
Despite the fact that South Asia was at the second place it ended up to be undebatable leader in least uneducated children of both gender with the difference with second place, Rest of the world of average 4 millions for boys and girls.
For instance, oil traces from ships make a thousands of sea life die every month.
Girls rate difference is in 2,1 millions, but boys score is noticeable and significant, above half of boys in South Asia were educated in schools.
And in order to avoid this catastrofical govnemnts should organize special commitment for making decisions about air travel and air by situation.
The given chart compares the amount of boys and girls who did not have an opportunity to get school education between 2000 to 2012 in Africa, South Asia and the rest of the world.
As can be obvios from the chart, the highest number of children without education was in Africa in 2000 (just under 45 millions) and the lowest was in the rest of world (under 25 millions).
In 2002 situation sagnificantly changed and the lowest number of children without education acess was South Asia (10 millions), the highest number remained in Africa.
At the same time, the amount of air travels is constantly growing.
Business air trips should be limited because in modern world there are many other way to deal with international business, like Skype-conference.
Overall, the number of children without access to primary school education significantly decreased during that years.
In this region the part of children without school education was approximately to times less for boys and almost five times less for girls in 2012 comparing with 2000.
But in 2012 the amount decreased rapidly: 4,8 millions of girls and 5,1 millions of boys.
As for the most huge region - Africa, changes are not dramatic: the total amount of children decrease on 11 millions.
In 2000 in the Rest of World which number of children was 23,3 millions decreased by 2012 on 7 millions and contain 15,3 millions of children.
If in 2000 the number of girls was bigger than boys, in 2012 the picture was opposite, the amount of boys which is 7,7 biger than girls - 7,6.
The highest figure in this chart is 43,7 millions of children including 23,7 boys and 20 girls in Africa.
The bar chart illustrates the amount of schoolers who could not educate in primary school in 2000 year and 2012 year in the three regions and also compare the uneducated boys and girls in numbers of millions.
In 2000 girls were the leader for this data but in 2012 the amount of girls increased more than 5 times and than in 2012 boys were in the first place of schoolers who did not study.
First of all, it is help to introduce amount of new programs, for example, for travelling by bus or train.
Africa shows leading position, the number of children with no access hits the pick of 43,7 millions people in 2000.
But it is a well-recognized dinamic that girls have less opportunities for education all over the world.
Moreover, it is a great question if this alternatives would pollute the air less than airplanes.
In Africa number of boys decrease from 23,7 millions to 18,2, the number of girls decreas from 20 millions to 14,5 nmillions from 2000 till 2012.
In South Asia in 2000 the number of boys and on 5 millions at the girls.
In South Asia variable of boys decrease on 10,8 millions more than variable of girls.
From 2000 to 2012 the number of African boys decrease from 23,7 to 18,2 and number of girls without access lost same 5,5 millions and hit 14,5.
South Asia statistics shows, that the amount of boys without the access lost 17,8 millions fell from 21,6 to 4,8 in 2012.
At the same time, the number of girls in Asia turn from 11,1 millions to only 5,1 losing 6 points.
The number of boys without access to primary school lost 5,2 point and turn to 7,6 from 12,8 in 2000, and the amount of girls reached 7,7 millions in 2012 while losing only 2,8 points.
Firstly, the amount of gases producing by cars in big cities is much bigger than pollution from planes according to any statistics.
Almost 45 millions african children did not have opportunity to get education, 20 millions of them are boys.
for 12 years number of children without access to primary school in Asia strongly reduced to 10 millions.
In Rest of World level of children without access to primary education was almost 25 millions, major of them are girls with 12,8 millins.
Up to 2012 amount of children without primary education reduced, and there was almost equality in comparison of boys and girls.
Also the significant reason to regulate amount of air travels is creating new ways of travelling, which are much more ecological.
The charts represents how the amount of children without access to primary education had been changed from 2000 to 2012 in three different regions, such as Africa, South Asia and rest of World by gender.
The most dramatic decrease of the amount of such children was in South Asia, from 32,7 millions to 9,9 millions.
In contrast, same index in other regions became smaller on a quarter from 43,7 to 32,7 millions and 23,3 to 15,3 millions in Africa and rest of World respectively.
The worst result was got in Africa, for example in 2012 this index was more then three times bigger then in South Asia, 32,7 and 9,9 millions respectively.
Africa has touched a peak at 43,7 millions.
There are some policies that should regulate and reduce the number of air travel.
As we see, this situation did not change during the period of time and in 2012 the number of teenagers without access was about 35 millions.
As regards South Asia, it is clear that the opportunity to get a primary school education for girls improved and the number of them fell from 21,6 millions in 2000 to 4,8 millions in 2012.
So, it could be decrease the number of these travel by laws in order to best fulling of people.
Also there are downward tierd in using Desctop for sitting in Facebook (apporimately 20 millions of users per year).
One group of people think that the best way - is to give longer prison sentences, but other group of people believe, that alternative ways are better.
The amount of people who used Facebook by desktop was more than amount of people who used it by mobile.
There were about 135-140 millions of users who used it by desktop and 60-100 millions of users - by mobile.
Men among these users too more than men in using it by mobile: 90 millions women and 50 millions men.
However, in using Facebook by desktop the were more women than men: 150 millions women and 130 millions men.
But there were small amount of users, who used Facebook for learning about ways to help others.
And there are many different opinion about solving it.
Overall number of facebook users grew by some 20 millions.
In 2000 the biggest amount of such kids was in Africa (43,7 %).
It is supposed that the governments should reduce the amount of flights due to it causes air pollution and global warming.
If the tourists flow decline in this countries, they will have economical problem, such as recession, big inflation or even default.
And all this actions will take place, if the governments forbid air travel.
The bar chart illustrates amount of children who were not allowd to attend pryimary school in South Asia and Africa from 2000 to 2012.
There are about 44 millions of children (20 millions of boys and 23,7 millions of girls).
In the same time in South Asia the number of girls is approximately equal (21,6 millions).
It is not reveal to amount of boys (11,1 millions).
The number reduced more than in 3 times (from 33 millions to 10).
About 6 millions among both African boys and girls got a permission to have a primary school education.
In 2012 there were about 16 millions children, but in 2000 about 24.
In our situation the reason is the big amount of planes flying all over the world every day.
For example, in South Asia in 2002 difference between boys and girls was 10,5 millions children.
I suppose, none of modern air company would make their planes fly empty if it was economically wrong.
For example, if we reduce the amount of flights, we must be ready to develop other types of transport, because people do travelling and do much.
There are approximately 33 millions of children without primary education in 2012 in Africa.
Moreover, the quantity of children without primary education is South Asia reduced to 10 millions over the past 12 years, what is less than in the Rest of World in almost 1,5 times.
In Africa in 2000 was highest level of the number of children without access to primary education - 20 millions boys and 23,7 million girls.
Of course, goverement should control all these air travel, but risk and interest of life - this is something without what we can't imagine a person.
It is thought, that the creators of films and music lose a lot of money due to the fact that these files usually are spread on the internet illegally, that is why some people are sure that such things should be obliged.
In 2 weeks the producers of this film usually can gain a lot of money from cinemas and usually the amount of money is more that a budget of the film.
The worldwide unemployment percentage is the same due to decrease of it in one regions and increase in the others.
There are five regions with a different rates during that two years.
Musicians and filmmakers lose a lot of money every year because of pirate industry.
Secondly, musicians and film producers spent a lot of money and time to make their films and audios, and when they do not have money from using it by other people it is dishonesty.
It is interesting to see that countries of Middle East and North Africa have higher rate than EU, where conditions are better.
There is point of view, that musicians and film producers suffer from pirate copping of songs and films, so they lose a lot of money.
Musicians and producers involve a lot of money for their compositions, so they need to make money again by selling films or music disks in special shops.
On the other hand musicians and producers make money from concerts and seeing films in the cinema, so they have enough money for pleasent and comfortable surviving.
In other regions this numbers fluctuate.
It is argued that free sharing and copy of music and films in the Internet does a lot of harm to the people who produce this content and those who enjoy it and those who do not want to pay must be considered as criminals.
Firstly, it takes a lot of time for musicians and film producers to create the peace of art.
They do a lot of work, spend money on the making process and advertisment, try to understand their audience.
I totally disagree with this point of view because there is an improvement of law system and the system of market's control and the amount of pirate copies decreases.
Africa this data higher than other world region and data is 12,5 did not change from 2014.
So, there are various opinion on the point.
In consequences they lose a lot of money from illegal pirate copies.
The average number of unemployment rate is about 5,9% worldwide.
On the one hand, a lot of people with a good deal think that tuaking it is theft because music lables, game developers and film's studios less a big part of benefit.
Without these money, this companiy can't make a quality new products.
A good example is a "Metro Golden Mayer" which loss more than 3,5 billions dollars from 2008 year.
The biggest project of company films about agent 007 James Bond hasn't enough money for making them, and new films of this franshise made only once in 6-7 years versus once in 2-3 years in 1990-08.
First and foremost, people spend a lot of money, huge sums to do a new film or music composition and it is unfaire when they are not able to get their money.
Perhaps, this types of sites should be block.
Musicians and film makers are losing a lot of money from this type of coping and sharing without official buying the original discs.
From these point of view, making illegal copies is a really bad thing, because after this musicians and film producers might not be able to create anything again in case they are run out of money.
In this way only good produc would get a lot of money and make our world better.
we can suppose that increased level in European Union can correlate with amount of migrants from African countries: the more migrants Europe takes, the higher level of unemployment becomes.
The best stable result is shown by South Asia with growing factories, developing infrastructure, so it give across to a big amount of workplaces.
Firstly, almost all people in really democratic societies think that copying and sharing music or films on the internet and downloading these files is not acceptable for fair people and good citizens because if you do that you steal money from producers and musicians, which spend a lot of time, money and other resources for making this product.
These anti-sistem movements protest against the rights of capitalism and global market.
The chart has one extra graphs summarizing the distribution of unemployment in the whole world.
To begin with, music and films are financed with a lot of money and using them without buying would lead to financial problems for musicians and film producers.
Secondly, there are people who do not have enough money for buying music discs or films.
For instance, children or disabled people usually do not have enough money to buy new films and music.
First of all, there are really a lot of content (music, films, books) in Internet.
Beside this, people often don't want to buy expensive legal discs and films and that is why they download pirat's versions because of a special aim not to spend a lot of money for these media products.
In conclusion, it is possible to claim that the lowest number of unemployment is in S.
These number of people believe that it could lead to a "death" of cinema as a way of spending your freetime and meeting with your friends, because you can stay at home and watch a moovie.
War is dominating in these state and this is the cause of that businessmen leave these countries and people lose their jobs.
Meanwhile, in neighbour region the Middle East this figures declined from 11% in 2014 to 9,6% in 2015.
Firstly, they argue that musicians and film-makers spend a lot of money on their products and it's unjustice not to pay for it.
The graph provides information about changes in amount of unemployed people in different regions of our planet and whole world.
At the same time the amount of people who can't get job decreases in Middle East.
And in this model, internet is a factor which blocks a huge amount of sales because some part of films and music auditory prefers to get this content for free and forgets about payment to creators.
The chart show amount of unemployment people from 2014 to 2015 in N.
The lawes unemployment level exists in Sout Africa, where in these year were less 4 persent of unemployment rate.
The main defferences between amount of unemployments are shown in such regions as Middle East and L.
Another thing is that users who download illegal content do not want to vary even less then two hundred rubles to the good working services with a legal content.
This amount of resources will not be covered by the profit from content every time.
In many country the legislatures propose a laws about punishment for this, but in the world didn't exist some consencas about that.
Most of the times one isolated country cannot produce enough various food to feed it's citizens.
People won't get enough food and obviously will be unhappy with the actions of the couvernment.
In this cases government could do two things: to begin a new production area or do import.
And a lot of meat, vegetables, and fruites are become waste.
This country cannot produce enough food to feed own population.
If some country have a lot of food to import, it will safe a lot of people from hungry death.
The first, countries should produce many food to import as much as possible.
I think that if people produce many meat, vegetabes, and etc, nobody will know, what hungry it is.
Also it's not good to produce a lot of the food, which will be not fresh.
The graphs show maximum and minimum temperatures in this cities.
It is possible to produce enough food, but nowadays the government pay not attention on food producing sphere.
The population of Japan is large, but there are not enough place to produce food.
So possesions and possibilities of particular country may not allow it to provide the growing population by enough amount of food.
Firstly, usually a country is not able to produce enough food for all the population.
First of all, one should put into consideration the fact that young people are more influenced by the enviroment that they grow in and such things as mass media and Internet have gained a lot of value in teenagers' lifes.
most of the times it is them who do not give enough attention to their children and students and ignore foretelling hints to the bad side of their younger citizens to appear.
Also, they think that modern opportunity, which many countries give, such that hot water, heaters, electricity should make everyone, including parents, feel free to live their lifes and have less stress, so do less crimes or make bad thing for kids (to make them do crime).
Technology gives us many good thing, but harm us as well.
Overall, we can see that Facebook is the most popular network with people of all four groups, while LinkedIn attracts the least numbers of users among all groups.
First, there are many parents working a lot, so that they cannot pay a lot of attention to their children.
In this case kids do not get enough moral education, and a lack of that can result into a child becoming cruel, as he or she does not know what good and bad is.
The social network with the highest amount of users is Facebook.
As for teachers, they also have a huge influence on children, because they spend a lot of time together.
Moreover, There are a lot of material, guides and information in the world web about weapons, stealing, drugs and other illegal stuff.
Almost all governments are creating policies to help these people and save them from criminal world, and this actions result in lower crime rates.
Because they have a lot of free time without doing anything, they have no social skills which are provided by school and they are used to reach their goals by violence and crime.
Another important reason of it is that parents didn't pay enough attention to their children.
If Brazil decide to built Oreo technologies and USA start to grow beans they will spend a lot of maney and will get very small output, therefore it's just more effective for them to focus on their competitive advantages and produce both products more.
Instagram and LinkedIn are not likely to catch up with the giant at the time because they have several times less people who use it in barely all age groups.
Not being able to earn enough money legally, young people start being involved in illegal actions.
Parents should give their kids enough love, care and support, which will lead to better emotional health of children.
In order to solve this problem parents and teachers should accept a paradoxical thing: to lower the young people crime rates we should give them more freedom and stop to control them exsessively.
The chance to meet a man who uses this two networks as smaller as respondent older.
It is not hard to see that young people had not had enough time to do crime.
From my point of view, the only way from this toxic features of modern society is to change seriously roadmap of budget expendtures for upcoming years.
We have to change the roots of culture by either melting everybody at the same pot or provide with enough room for tradition self-identifying to mostly in religious way.
First of all, it is brightly presented that the old use sociall networks less, than the young.
It one of the many reason of rising the crimes are being committed by young people.
We should help them to find jobs or provide them with enough money to live: this would also costs much, but at least won't cause a danger of crime.
So, young people don't have a job; however, they have a lot of free time and need money.
To solve this problem teachers and parents should try to teach young people some empathy that depeciated in electronic era.
They spend a lot of time on job.
The rise of the amount of crimes being committed by young people is a complex problem which is caused by multiple factors.
If a child has enough pocket money, she will not steel.
Only really rich families can spend a lot of time with children and don't care about money.
Firstly this guy missed this lessons, but then he suddenly came and never missed again.
Adults pay a lot of attention to their career and they do not allocate much time for their kids and do not teach them about good things and bad things.
The second reason is that kids spend a lot of time surfing the web and sometimes they may visit websites with bad content which put positive spin on crimes, and incentivize them commit crimes.
The states of Middle East and of Latin Amerika managed to decrease the amount of unemployent citizents but unfortunately a growth of the level of unemployment people in Europa can be watched.
Almost everything can be found in Web nowadays: many people download a huge amount of files every day.
Pirate copies make them loose their money regardless how much a producer or a musician earns.
So if the government punishes one illegal actions why doesn't it do the same to the other.
First of all, some people think that it is wrong to copy because individuals who fond of music or making films spent a lot of money on this thing.
In the same way, the amount of unemployed people in S.
In conclusion, the worldl rate didn't changed, althoug one countries had a growing trends.
Africa, and country with lowest numbers of unemployed peopl, S.
So if a person does not pay for the usage of those he/she should be punished the same way, as a bread-thief.
Latin America had small decrease: amount of unemployment people went down from 6,8% to 5,8%.
A lot of people nowadays copy and share music and films through the Internet, so other people have an opportunity to download it for free, instead of spending time and money by buying the original versions of this products.
Firstly, new albums of famous musician groups could cost a lot of money for the first time after the release it to the market.
Goes to the Middle East, it is possible to mark downward trend, because the amount of rate plummetes from 11% in 2014 to 9.
Most people are aware of that musicians and filmmakers get a huge part of profits from selling records of their songs, alboms, films - results of working hard, that are expected to be paid.
So, when people download or copy his product, a creator loses a lot of money which he gained with his own efforts.
To sum up, I would like to say that people should be taught about consumers culture at schools, universities and other peaces, because it seem to be the only one way to praise producers under this circumstances.
To begin with, if people have free access to music or films, musicians and film producers do not get enough money for their work.
To conclude, comparison of this rates of unemployement shows, that the higher unemployment in N.
But on the other hand, the expand of this oppotunities brings negative influences for producers of films and musicians, because today rising of coping and sharing this products decreases producers' income.
Firstly, the main reason, why behavior of coping, sharing and downloading illegal files has to be punished, is that hard-work of producers and musicians do not bring them enough money.
For example, people who do others jobs have stable salary for part of work, wich they do and if their boss does not give enough money salary for them, they will change their jobs.
On the other hand, the high oppotinities for download these files allows poor people watch this movies and lisen this music too.
On the other hand, poor part of world population can watch this films and lisen music in illegal way.
The number of unemployment of South Asia was the lowest.
To conclude, instead of gradual growth of employed people in Latin America and Middle East, the statistics of Worldwide number of unemployment did not change to the year of 2015 and present 5,9%.
People who are addicted to their creativity but do not have enough money to buy the ticket for the entry would like to download track surfing the Internet so creators must do their work available for everyone not to lose fans.
It is widely believed that illegal copies of films and music makes its original creators lose a lot of money annually.
Africa had the number of this rate in 2014 and2015 - 12,5% S.
For other reason, It is easier to write your own music or do film, then to pay a lot of money for every film, or for musical album.
It is clearly seen that authors loose a lot of money.
Moreover, it takes a lot of time and efforts to make a film but not copying.
Firstly not all people have enough money to efford a Bly-ray DVD, subscription to Netflex but they still want to watch movies and listen to music they like.
It's not a secret for everybody that companies lose lots of money because of illegal sharings of their filesbut I don't think it's a crucial question for themSo copywriters should not be punished for their actions.
Artists make a lot of work to make their pieces look perfect and a marketing campaign, which is closely connected to dates when something comes out, plays a vital role.
Some people think that those one who download these copies, should be punished, because it's a theft.
As can be seen, unemployment rate was the same through these year and was 5.
There are several laws in Russia that try to control these internet segment.
In 2015 there was on 1% less unemployment persons there than in 2014.
In our days there are a lot of people, who would like to download music and films on the internet for free, but very often it leads to loosing a lot of money by artists and producers.
The biggest amount of people who does not have a job according to the chart is in poor regions like Northen Africa (12,5%) in both 2014 and 2015 years.
In Middle East there are a little bit less such people, but anyway it is too high comparing to the numbers of the world (5,9%).
May be because of that film produers will not be sponsored in the future anymore.
This problem was common for Russia at the very beginning of the century, when people did not have enough money to buy films or music and they just got pirate translated content which was absolutely incorrect like "Goblin's" one.
Undoubteadly the government will spend a huge amount of money for that spends.
To sum up there are two different ways how to solve this probles.
However this figures are much more higher in N.
One the one hand, it is a sourse of unrespectable behaviour to the producers of the films and compositions because they had to work hard, spend lot's of money to create their ideas and, what is more, their creations contain the souls of their makers.
No doubt, many students or children want to watch everythingbut they have not enough money for it.
Middle East and Latin America show more positive dynamic as unemployment in this regions fall to 1 percent in Latin America and in almost 2 percent for Middle East in comparison with 2014.
On the one hand, musicians and film makers spend a lot of time and money on producing something interesting and unusual for the auditory.
The presented information concerns a few word regions and two years - 2014 and 2015.
That is the reason of huge decreases in revenues of great amount of musicians, musical and film producers, and entertainment industry as a whole.
On the other hand, media-makers make a lot of money for presentation of their media-products at a public places (like concerts, cinemas etc).
Still, many people don't earn enough money to spend them on pieces of culture.
These essay will bring arguments for this.
In this case film producers do not gain enough money just to cover expenses.
It is believed that it can solve the problem by punishments of those people who copy the film or album which has not got enough money.
First of all, creating of a movie or recording an audio track takes lots of money, as well as time.
Moreover, a huge amount of people should be involved in this process.
I think that the law system should be stricter to diminish the amount of illegal actions in this sphere.
It is much better to have a rest and visit cinema using these money.
As can be seen from the chart the smallest unemployment rate for this years was in South Asia and was 3.
Moreover, the huge amount of films and musics is free in Internet.
First of all, film producers of musicians spend a lot of money and time to do movie of song.
From the other hand, some people dont have enough money to pay for the original content.
On this graphs we can see the rates of unemployment in different world regions in 2014 and 2015.
The only chance for groups to make a lot of money is to make good music and great shows.
They say that it is theft and users of this files are robbers.
I agree with them, because before musicians or film producers did something, they work for a long period of time and spend lots of money.
For example some films are made by lots of people, and the quantity of money for this films is more than billions of dollars.
From the other hand, people say, that musicians and producers have lots of money and if they download just one films, nothing changed.
Musical and film industry lose a lots of money in a modern times because of illegal copies and "pirates" attacks.
A lot of my friends are musicians and they say that it is realy hard to record something good without having enough maney.
Recording in a studio costs a lot of money; the same thing with mastering a composition or song.
The last fact about such topic is that concerts don't give enough money to cover all wastings.
To sum up, I would like to say that illegal copies influence really bad on film producers and some musicians because as we can know from above these two industries needs a lot of money.
The main information that graph provides is that amount of people who do not have a job around the world stay stabled during the period from 2014 to 2015.
Because of it many musicians and film producers lose huge number of money.
Producers and musicians invest a lot of money and force for it.
But if I have not it I can lose a lot of information (in situation with films) and it can badly influence on me and my relations with other people.
Musicunts, filmmakers and other lose a lot of money every year because of pirets.
The given bar chart shows us the numbers of unemployment rate in different regions from all over the world during two years.
First of all, people, who download music or films from the net don't want to pay a lot of money for it in brand shops.
First of all, the highest number of unemployment rate was in North Africa, which was stable both in 2014 and 2015.
In the Middle East and in the Latin America amount of unemployed citizens has follen.
Some people are of the opinion that this (illigal copying) is theft, and I am compleatly agree with this people.
This programs are avalible for poor people, umenployed and for students.
In 2014 the leader of the number of unemployment is Nothern Africa.
Most countries of this regions may be called "developing".
That is why many good film will not appear in the cinemas.
Or it can take a lot of time for film producers to find some sponsorships.
It's a well-known that musicians and producers have a lot of money from illegal pirete copies.
However, even if this a problem wich authors face quite often, most of them earn a lot of mony with concerts they give.
And the sum pirates can bit off from stealing someone's music cannot damage producor's or author's budget in that gros harmful way massmedia shows us.
Music and film industries loose lots of money annualy because of illigal copying of goods they are producing.
Apart from this two regions the unemployment rate stays stable.
But, however, the worldwide level of unemployment was stable for this two years.
But they forget that these files are illegal copies, and creators of original ones lose a lot of money because of it.
Also, because of growing audience of this services, authors and creators have their money too.
I think, only a few number of original discs should be distributed by producers because they must assess their products adequately.
The second significant reason of the growth of youth criminality is the lack or the absence of social support both of the society and of their family.
Summing up, both the school and the family are supposed to be effective tools in reducing the amount of crimes commited by the yough.
It should be pointed out that the overall number of the non-white population in the USA makes up a notable part.
The amount of users older than 65 is low enough - 22%.
If we compare this two graphs we can make a conclusion that the sharp increase of population is mostly caused by newcomers, who moved to the USA after The Second World War.
Secondly, children have a lot of free time and they start to use internet very early.
I belive that they do not pay enough ofattention to what their children do in their spare time and to what they are keen on.
I hope that one day there will be less criminals among the young people.
As we it can be seen, the number of American population was growing quite steadily from year to year without any sharp loops.
To begin with, the problem which makes teenagers comming crimes is the lack of money, for example thay can see that their clssmates are more invested than they are and they will try to be suitable for these particular group.
Solving this particular sittuation parents should try to save their children from this groups of teen, spending the laisure time of their childrent to the helpful activities like sport and other hobbies.
Overall, it can be seen from the charts that the percentage of white common population is higher than the amount of white people convicted to be in prison which is shown in both countries.
They want to be a part of the team of that bad peers, so they do all like they.
It turns out that Instagram is used mainly by young people (18-29) since other age groups 30-49, 50-65 and 65+ show low interst to this social media of 25, 11 and 6 per cent of users respectively.
By the way, USA spent the largest number of money for books in print (10,5 billion US dollars).
Moreover,the major part of the youth don't have enough knowledge about the danger of drugs and alcohol.
To sum up, i think that the main reason for commiting a crime for young people is lack of money, and to prevent the growth of this trend we should take care of them in families and pay a lot of attention at schools.
In general, Facebook and Instagram showed the trend of attracting the biggest amount of younger users, when Facebook and LinkedIn tend to retain users aged over 65.
facebook gets the first place among this networks because it is firstly invitednowadays the whole world has changed dramatically in last decades and we have a vital backthroughs in every country.
for them it would be really helpful and vital for goverment and their parents to sum up i would like to say that this games and internet has a negative influens and good affacts and the parents should control their children and they should spend more time on their behaviourThe bar chart demonstrates the differences in social networks' use by american adults of various ages.
As far as I can judge, young generation is under a lot of pressure nowadays.
Overview, According to the chart the high percentage of non-white prison population was in 2015 in the USA; ''67% out of 80% while in the UK it was on the level of 88% out of 100% among white general population As it can be clearly seen from the chart, the figures of non-white population were 12%, whilst In the States this numbers tripled; 36%.
White population in the USA consisted of 64%, while in the United Kingdom it was 88%The given chart displays prison population in two different countries, in the UK the percentage of white prison men was higher than in the States, 74% against 33% Nevertheless, non-white prison population were less in the UK, 26% against 67% in the USA, that was a huge difference between figures among non-white prison populationNowadays, people live in world where sport plays a huge role in our life and watching it can bring you a joy, but there are different point of view one people think that, watching sport on TV is extremely interesting, while other are completely disagree, considering that it is a waste of time.
In my point of view, for me a big sport fan, who is really rooting for tennis who love sport more than anyone in this words, watching sport events bring me a great pleasure.
When people visit some sport event and watch the scene in live it is unforgettable Moreover, It helps you to spend your time on something important, when you see all that people who are going wild and this argues between referee and players.
In contrasts, i want to add that some sportsmen inspire men on aspiring their goals In conclusion, i want to say that people are willing to address their own point of view watching sport, and these theme will be always extremely topical, for someone it is just a waste of time, for another it is excitement, but for me it is a style of my life, and i am not going to deny it.
So, every age group is interested in Facebook, Instagram is founded for the youngest group and the privilege amount of users of Linked In are from 30 to 64 years.
In a modern society it is usually claimed that the amount of crimes, which were permitted by the youngers, rocked to a significant high.
To start with, the problem of rising amount of murders and robberies may be affected by the Hollywood action films.
Parents often do not pay enough attention to their children.
Lots of teenagers spend a lot of time using social networks.
Moreover, to solve this problem teachers at schools should show students films about friendship, love and honesty.
Nevetheless, whilst the percentage of white prison people was lower than the number of white general population, the percentage of non-white people who were in prison was higher than general non-white population.
Because of that teenagers have more problems with their mental health which can be causes of all these crimes.
Moreover all these TV shows about politics which have not an age border, in such programms they can see how adult people can be agresssive and cannot controll themselves.
The bar charts illustrate the amount of white and non-white people in general and in prison in the UK and the USA in 2015.
However, several feasible solutions can be considered and put into practice to help reduce the amount of crimes commited by teenagers.
It would be a useful idea for parents to follow this age rates and control what their children are exposed to.
It is expected that, if these recommendations are taken into consideration, the amount of young criminals will decrease in the upcoming years.
To start with Facebook, it is seen that most of the adults in age 18-29 are using Facebook, after that in each group according to age amount of people slightly goes down.
Taking Instagram into consideration, it is easily seen that most of its audience is under 30 and when it comes to people 30+ years old amount of people drastically drops down.
The amount of teenagers and young adults has drastically grown during the last years.
5 billions USD by the year of 2018.
Overall, the bar chart illustrates us two trends occuring in all of this countries from the rise of electronic reading and the downfall of the traditional one, as well as the statistics of the biggest and smallest book markets among them.
The less the competitivenes among businesses the less benefits for the customers.
This issues should be tackled by the governments with special legislations to decrease their power.
Some of those who play this games can project rules of that computer world to real life.
Also, children do not have enough time to play after school and homework because it is too late to play at the street.
Secondly, there is a huge amount of Facebook users in the US and it reached almost 90 per cent, and the lowest point is the percentage of pensioners that is about 56 per cent.
The same tendency can be noticed about Instagram, that it's more used among 18-29 years old people and the older the group age is the less the amount of people using it.
After that kids become more violence and cruel.
To begin with, a "Guaranteed Basic Income" can become a breath of fresh air for poor people who don't have enough money to buy even basic products for their survival.
As a result, there will be less people who want to find a job and country's economy will definitely suffer from that decrease in the number of employers.
From the following graph we can see that the amount of people of different ages using the major social networks differs greatly from network to network.
During the same period number of death reaches highest point in 1750 and the lowest in 1950.
To sum up, stable growth of USA population is connected with falling in number of death, while birth rate didn't affect it a lot.
For example, some man has lost his job and some kind of black line started in his life, this monthly sum of money can help him to overcome this hurdles.
The tendecy for posting photos is becoming weaker and weaker when a person becomes elder and reaches the age of 50, after the moment the amount of adults who use it decreases.
It is obvious that they require a lot of attention both from parents, teachers and from our government.
Secondly, teachers should pay a lot of attention to this problem as well, because they are believed to be the second family for children.
But, despite of that people who are older than 65 don't use this network so much.
Often teenagers couldn't solve these problem and they need parents or teachers' help.
Children just want some attention from them and sometimes when teenagers couldn't accept that, they started doing all that things like stealing in shops, cheating and others.
As for the features, in the Facebook there is a prevalent number of the youngest age category which is 87 per cent.
Parents, in their turn, should spend enough time to look after their children and be more attentive to their thoughts, mood and behaviour.
The bar charts indicate the percentage of white and non-white people,which includes general and prison population, in Britain Analyzing the situation in the Unites States, it must be mentioned that the amount of white people of general population was approximately twice as bigger than the percentage of non-white people, 64 and 36 percents, respectively.
Describing the number of prison population in UK, it must be pointed out that the amount of white prisoners in Britain was extremelly higher than in the USA.
In the Uk the number of white prison population reached a point of 74 percent, whereas the percentage of non-white prisoners was only 26 percent as it was mentioned earlier that the black population of Britain was not that high.
However, some people belive that watching sports might be an activity, which only takes a lot of time .
However,the graph illustrates that older people over 65 years old are interested in all three social networks the least of all.
For instance, additional classes could be made obligatory, some hobby courses could be free for families with no enough income.
Moreover the quantity of the white UK citizens who were imprisoned was also larger than the amount of the american prisoners.
Overall, in the UK the number of white population prevailed as in general as in prison terms.
Overall, the general quantity of white population in the UK significantly exceeds the number of the white in the USA.
But not everyone has enough money to buy.
If parents and teachers do not want to have negative effect of uprising the children, they should explain the nessecity of this doings and the difference in causes of overeatig and robbering.
Children in many families are being grown up by grandparents or nurses, nevertheless they cannot spend enough time with parents.
In my opinion, one of the reasons of this issue roots in mass media, the Internet in particular.
Today it offers its users an unlimmited access to enormous amount of different data which should be filtered sometimes.
Parents are to busy with work and household chores that they do not pay enough attention to their children.
The amount of young people who use Instagram achieves 53 percent, while the number of adult people in the group of 65+ use this social network at least and the prercentage of users reaches 6 percent.
One people think that a large bisnesses replace local, but others don't believe in this.
We live in a huge city whith the great number of population and we need to live with comfortable.
In conclusion, it should be said that there is a tedency that there live crucially less non-white people, that white ones in the UK and only a small amount of them are imprisoned compairing with another nationality.
Not only watching sports is a waste of time, but it also takes a lot of money, because some sport events may be pretty expensive.
Instagram and LinkedIn have much smaller amount of users if we compare them with Facebook.
Looking at the linkedin statistics it is clear that this is the only network where amount of people between 18 and 29 on the lowest rate and equal to those who are 65 and older.
Nowadays there is a huge problem being reported by the police the amount of crimes has increased and now it is biggest there ever was.
First of all, i think the main problem is that young people have a lot of free time and instead of doing something useful they commit crimes, i think that happens because there is nothing to do in their cities and they tend to spend more time on the streets, which can be bad for them.
However, since 1900 and till the 2000 a substantial rise can be observed, when the line representing the population finally reaches its peak (about 270 millions of citizens).
That means when people have no money for drugs they begin to search these money by all possible ways and the easiest one is to commit a crime.
Beyond all doubts, the first thing that parents and teachers can do is to involve their children and pupils in different activities like sports, music,art and so on, in that way they will not have enough time even to think about the crime.
It is clear that from 1700 till 1800 two lines were going together and they were at high level, so the amount of births and deaths were the same.
However, a "Guaranteed Basic Income" system needs a lot of money, which government will take from the budget.
Morever, uncontrolled children continiously play computer games with a lot of violence and if they are not aware of the possible harmfull consequences it may cause, they mirror the doing in the game to their lives and, as a result, become those who commit crime unconsiously.
However, there are twice as much prisoners of non-white decent than regular citizens.
Parents and teachers should just pay enough attention to it.
The number of users,who are between 18 and 29 years and 65+, of this social networking site is the same with 22%.
In this situation parents and teachers should provide psychological help and assist teenagers in choosing their path.
It can be seen that the older Facebook and Instagram users the less these social platforms are used by them.
I mean that we have a countless number of different factories as well as fars were the employee is always in need.
The bar chart illustrates the number of people of different ages using various social network in America.
A lot of violence is shown on TV: there are a lot of movies where criminals are shown as heroes.
Parents and teachers are mostly in favor of influencing young people as they spend a lot of time with them and they have enough experience to help young people choose the right way and not to ruin their life by becoming a criminal.
It could be noticable,that the amount of people from eighteen to twenty nine who explore Linkedin,has dropped dramatically.
Unfortunately,if they have not got enough money,it will born a desire to steel some amount of it.
It is very common that parents don't give enough attention to their child.
Overall, this problem is very serious in our world and it can take a lot of time to get rid off it.
I am of the opinion that this changes bring more efficiency than harm.
However, in Germany the amount of US billion dollars for print books will remain stable.
In these day and age we can observe such situation that small businesses dont have an equall acess to market as the large.
The first graph shows stable numbers of population growth from 1750 to 1800, followed by a slight rise from 1800 to 1850.
The next two 50 years are marked by a monotonous rise from 25 to 150 millions of people, then goes the most significant growth by 125 million to the year 2000.
But in these day and age many small businesses are disappearing in contrast with famous multinational brands.
What I mean is that some computer games can cause a lot of harm to phisical and phsicological state of a teenager.
As a matter of fact, a great amount of teenagers thinks that it is the most simple way to make their living and starts grabbing things from the shops.
To make a conclusion, the rising amount of crimes commited by young people is the problem which is needed to be solved so by joining efforts we can decrease the rate of crimes.
By 50-64 years old users mostly used Facebook, which amount reaches 63 percent, while instagram has the smallest amount of the users of this age.
Firstly, I would like to mention that today rather big amount of young people do not study as well, they have no motivation to study, to learn something new and by this way the are not able to find yourself.
Returning to the chart, the amount of printted books rockets in the USA with 10,5 billion US dollar, when it is only 2,6 in the UK.
Nowadays such problem as disappearing of small businesses due to the increasing amount of large brands is becoming widespread.
The bar chart below provides information about the percentage of various age's people who uses such social networks like Facebook, Instagram and Linledln in rhe USA.
As for 30-49 age category, they prefer facebook too, because the percentage of this category ahe people is 73 per cent, while linkedln and instagram consist a little more then 30 and half of 50 corespondently.
Among this people facebook is the most common social networks, the percantage od users assums a little more then 55 per cent.
As for instagram and linkedln, the amount of users consists 6 and 22 per cent.
Also, one of the causes may be the environment, where this people grew up.
The teenagers should have be more busy in his life and in this cases in they head won't be thoughts, connecting with crimes.
Yet the amount of people of middle age (30-49 and 50-64) who use Facebook is twice bigger that the amount of ones who use LinkedIn - what is more, it seems to be the least popular among the youth.
The equal amount of users can be seen in the group of 18-29 and more than 65 the percentage of which sharply decreases in comparison to other groups.
The fact is that some parents work around the clock and they practically do not have enough time to talk to their children, to explain them to what possible consequences their crime actions can lead and how it is actually scared.
However, there are far less users of the Instagram among them - only 11 per cent which is almost 6 times less comparing to the Facebook users of the same age group.
Sometimes, children are living in bad conditions and do not have enough food and clothes.
For example, they provide on-line services, which save a lot of our time.
Moreover, they need money to feed their children, and bigger companies almost steel these money.
The amount of online users of age group 18-29 about 22 percent.
The amount of online users of old people the same like young people.
The amount of crimes increase every year.
There are a lot of violence and crimes there which are shown like a real life and when young people watch this they try to immitate it.
Ten years ago happend one thing that a schoolboy spent many time playing GTA Vice City.
There are various reasons for this and many methods to prevent the wrong deeds from happening.
First of all, it is evident that nowadays a lot of pressure is put on the youth.
I guess that with our rapid pace of life this variats are convenient and can help save time and energy.
It can be clearly seen from the graph that young people from 18 to 29 years old use networks more often than people of other age groups.
What is more, there are families where parents work to much and do not pay enough attention to their children, who eventually make friends with groups of hooligans and marginals.
As we can see from the graph the amount of people older 50 almost do not use this network.
Firstly, there is a huge amount of adverse servers and advertisement nowadays.
Overall, there are numerous reasons for crime development between young persons, however, there are not less ways to combat I would strongly recommend every adult person to be aware of your children's hobbies or friend, try to protect them with the help of teachers or doctors - do everything what is needed for your child to be safe.
Conserning prison population, it is evident that the amount of prison white people in the USA is significantly lower and it is only 33%, while in the Uk this population makes up 74 %.
The game featured first-person view shooting and killing with lots of blood.
Nevertheless, the information on the LinkedIn users shows that numbers of adults of various age evening out: the biggest share is now occupied by people of middle age with 31% and the next age group numbers are insignificantly smaller - users who are 50-64 years old account for 30%.
This essay suggests the ideas what could cause that social phenomena, and it also gives advice to parents and teachers on the matter what can help the situation.
Thus, the main causes of that socail phenomena are complexity of the world we live in and young people's misunderstanding of the modern society.
In conclusion, from my point of view, the best way to control as well as reduce the number of crime is replace severe punishments than panaleties are such as, financial and even being prison.
Obveously, in 1014 the biggest Print books market was in the USA it was slightly higher then ten billions US Dollars and it is the biggest market of all time in this sphere.
And the smallest market of print books in 2014 was in the UK it was slightly less then 3 billions, three times less then USA's market.
They used to have own independend market with huge amount of jobs and normal amound products, but now they have plenty of goods and literally no money to buy something, because all those products are made in China.
IT MUST BE PREVENTED THAT CHILDREN CAN HAVE AN OPPURTUNITY TO SOCIALIZE IN SUCH PLACES.
These essay will provide some causes of this issue and outline ideas to tackle it.
The amount of those people are increasing these days because the Internet is considered to be one of the most important parts of our daily routine due to technological development.
As you may notice Facebook has the biggest amount of people who use it because this website has a lot of functions.
Hovewer, this may cost a lot of money and take a lot of time.
This innovative technologies open teenagers a new world, where they can face not only educative and useful information.
Moreover, these "Guaranteed Income" is based on government where taxes are high, which means business sphere feels itself worse and whole economic growth of the country is crippled.
Besides the places to which the sportsmen of different countries reach are playing very significant role for that countries.
For the economics, sport life in that countries.
The given bar chart compares the amount of investments on printed and eBooks in the USA, Germany, China and the UK over the period of four years.
For example, Germany, that in the second place, invested 6 billions US Dollars and 1 billion US Dollars respectively.
The same tendency was in China - 4,8 billions of US Dollars and 0,5 billions of Dolllars.
However, the difference between invested money in the UK on printed books and eBooks was not significant like in other countries, the investments on printed books were also higher and accounted for 2,6 billions US Dollars.
As for Germany, the development of printed books is predicted to remain stable and stands at 6 billions US Dolllars.
It is interesting to notice, that in Germany market of paper books has not changed during four years and will remain at the level of 6 billion dollars spent on its production, whereas China and Germany's markets spent approximately same amount of dollars in both years, with around 4,5 and 2,3 billion of dollars respectively.
Each customer will receive enough help and attention, and, probably, will feel himself as a part of the family.
What I mean by this is that modern values emphasise the necessity of achievements, but do not pay enough attention to moral values and the patterns of behaviour, which are appropriate in the society.
To sum up, the rise of crime rates amid young people is borne out of various reason existing in the society, like poverty or changing values.
Moreover, the level of amount of white prisoners is higher than in the USA.
In that case we all can give a lot of worth advice while sitting in the sofe.
There are a huge amount of causes why young people do crimes.
At the same time, younger people (18-29)tend to spend more of their time on suck websites as Facebook with an overwhelming number of 87% and Instagram with a much less number of users (53%) but, on the other hand, not as low as the level of Linkedln (22%).
This year was followed by a sudden grow of population, there already were 80 millions of people in 1900.
In conclusion, I would like to say that the number of citizens in USA increased moderately for 150 years and grew fast in 20th century, but we should mention that for all this years the birth rate exceeded the death rate, which helped the grow.
Less severe gun control policies and the abolition of capital punishment in many states question the authority of the government for the common people.
Moreover, almost 90% of people between 18 and 29 use Facebook, which is the biggest amount of people involved among all of three networks.
Furthermore, from 1950 we see that the number of population jumped up while death rate remained the same from 1950 to 2000 and birth rate began to grow from 1950.
For example, people who earned a lot of money from elsewhere will continue to earn their money, but this system will just give them an additional income.
And there is not a strong censorship, so large amount of films contain the scenes of violence.
But, of course, sometimes parents cannot find enough time for their children.
The graph chart illustrates us the amount of people who use different social sites such as Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn devided into groups by the users' age.
This people do not go even to schools, I am not talking about colleges.
In the modern world we face a great amount of social disasters.
In detail, the amount of money squandered on these two types of books will be nearly equally represented - 2 billions of dollars versus 2.
3 billions.
The amount of users reaches approximately 31 %.
For elder people this possibility decreases, that is why the amount of users among old people reaches only 22 %, however "LinkedIn" is not the least popular network.
The most useful way to decrease the amount of young criminals is to allow their extra energy to go in the another place.
Theit parents and teachers should motivate them to find a hobby, which is able to take a lot of time.
If it is impossible or very complicated for a teenager, the teachers should to increase the amount of extra lessons, to add sport activities after the main school lessons.
5 billions US dollars will be received in 2018.
In China print market will be less popular in 2018 than it was in 2014, while the amount of electronic books will slightly increase.
Overall, it is clear from the charts that the number of general population in Uk in 2015 prevated whereas the USA had more prisoners than mere citizens.
Only two groups rumbled from this statistics.
To sum up, I let myself to conclude that people in England respect sport, because none of the group showed 0 minutes result.
A close look at data helps to notice that the youngest ones spend a lot of time to do sport and the oldest ones spend a very few time doing exercises.
To begin with, UK and USA are very rich and developed country and they can spend enough money to make a good and realistic film.
Someone prefers to watch a foreign comedy, while others are fond of local films, but the amount of latter decreases steeply.
On the first chart we can see four bars illustrating the numbers of user of Facebook.
The numbers of the users of desktop in both years were near 140 millions.
The main changes happens in the mobile sphere: this number increase from approximately 60 millions to 100.
The bar-charts indicate information about the amount of people using Facebook in two-year period and show purposes to use this social network between men and women.
The first one is men who are 55-64 years old do sports a bit less than women of the same age.
On the other hand, the difference between women of that ages was not so big.
Secondly, these growth of film production would help people to respect their own country.
The only example against this tendency can be spotted in the 5th two figures standing for the everage amount of time men and women of the age 55-64 years spent exercising: in that case the time dedicated to sport of women (55,4 minutes) was slightly bigger than that of men (52,7 minutes).
Sharing photos and videos is the most popular reason among women, 54% mentioning it as one of the main reasons, while less men think it is one.
It takes a lot of talent and knowledge to develop the necessary equipment, and huge sums of money too.
Moreover, there are many talanted young actors who cannot work in the film industry - they cannot earn there enough money for living.
And the women at the ahe over 75 did less activities than men and youg people.
People at the age of 45 to 54 did less exercises than peple at the age of 35 to 44, but they did more exercises compared to people at the age of 55 to 64.
Then, men at age of 55 to 64 did less exercises than men at age of 65 to 74 in about 8 minutes.
Sometimes people who make films in Russia just take these money from government for their own needs, and their films appear to be awful.
Comparing with 2012 in 2013 the usage of the mobile version of Facebook increased almost by 40 millions of users, usage of the desktop version having slightly decreased.
Furthermore, there are a lot of endangered animal on our planet due to such environmantal problems as deforestation, global warming, air pollution and many others.
The main information these graphs give is that, firstly, more people have started to use mobile Facebook application instead of the desktop oneand, secondly, The first bar chart shows that the number of people using desktop Facebook version in 2013 is slightly smaller than in 2012: approximately 137 millions of users versus 150 millions.
In the same time, the amount of users who works with mobile version has significantly grown: from almost 60 millions of users in 2012 to approximately 98 in 2013.
These failures cost milliards and it is hard not to get angry when you think about possibility of spending these money on improving medicine or education in Russia.
The prominent feature of the data appears to be it's diversification: we are shown not only bare figures of amount of users but also reasons for accesing the social network.
Just by a quick look at the vertical bar chart we can grasp two features in terms of amount of Facebook users.
In March 2013 amount of such users rose roughly twice as much comparing to the same period of the year 2012.
Speaking about another feature of this chart, the total number of Facebook users increased by the year 2013 but actually not so substantially as it was with the amount of mobile device users.
The social net gained a substrantial amount of mobile device users and also we've seen that there were also risings of different intensities by any resons for accesing Facebook.
Mobile version gained 40 millions of users, reaching almost 100 million of users in March of 2013.
On the opposite, there was a slight decrease in number of users of desktop version, it lost about 15 millions of users.
Nevertheless, it is still more popular than mobile version, having about 135 millions of users.
But in March 2013 the quantity of desktop users degreases from 150 millions to approximately 135 million of users.
The quantity of people that used mobile devices to acces Facebook in March 2012 were 55 millions and this number increases in 2013 - in March 2013 it is about approximately 95 millions of users.
For instance, the GPS-navigation became possible only when all this satelites were sent into the space.
With the developpement of space exploration humans have send a lot of junk in the space.
A more detailed look reveals that in 2012 people prefered computeres to phones, the number of users was near 150 millions.
Then in 2013 there was a slight decrease in numbers, almost 140 millions.
Conversely, the number of users of mobile phones had a significant growth during that year, in 2012 there were under 60 millions, but in 2013 the level was near 100 millions.
Firstly, scientists do a lot of research in the space.
Personally, I think that it is a good idea to discover new planets and stars only ify ou have enough money for it.
We can also see that the amount of Facebook users increase, because there were overall 200 users per March 2012 and about 220 users in March 2013 .
On the other hand, we definitely spend a lot of money on it.
In the first chart it can be seen that the quantity of people using the desktop version of Facebook did not significanlty change and only dropped a little - from 145 millions of users to about 130 millions.
Second, these programs are really costly, so a lot of money is being pumped into the sphere, without knowing the result, and if the result is not satisying enough, people (whose taxes are the specdings being pumped) may get angry.
Overall, there are two different charts that describe different data, one is for reasons and another is for tools of using The first thing that needs to be said is that the usage of Facebook from mobile increased from the point at 50 millions of users to 90 from 2012 to 2013 respectively.
In contrast, using from desktop reached the position at 130 millions in 2013 with starter point at 150 millions in the previous year.
It can be resulted in a lot of deseases, a big amount of victims among the animals and lack of meal for people as a outcome.
But on the other hand, many peole, including me, opine that without science, especially without space exploration the life will lose its meanings.
For example, "Fond Kino" gives a lot of money to produce Russian films and I think it is a good way to stimulate Russian film-makers.
As a result there are less special effects, less decorations and other thing than in American and British films.
Therefore, there are a lot of money spent on films and there are a lot of people, who work in the british and american film industries, which turns out to be an effective way to develop film making.
From the other side, one of the reasons for that succes is that the british and american culture has a great influence all over the world.
The graphs below represent an infotmation on the amount of Facebook users from 2012 to 2013 and the information on the most important reasons for using it.
On the first bar chart we can see that amount of desktop users decreased in 2013 with comparasion to 2012: in 2012 there were 150 millions of desktop version users, while in 2013 only about 55 millions, which is more then twice less.
The amount of mobile version users decreased too, but not as much as the amount of desctop users: there were 130 millions of usres of this version in 2012, while nearly 95 millions in 2013.
I guess, this statistics is really plausible.
In modern world people have an aspiration to self-develop and a lot of talent and creativity.
However, in my opinion, this support should be strict, because a lot of unquality and full films are displayed at the cinema, while the useful and quality films have not famous.
In comparison to it, women of the same age spent on doing sport almost twice less minutes than the men in this age group.
Graph also demostrates how age affects the amount of sport activities people do.
After 75 years old men do approximately 10 times less exercises than theyy used to do at the age of 16.
This situation may cause worries among local film productions, as movies they make often don't get a lot of popularity.
At the same time a local film can be totally ignored by people just because producers don't have enough money to advertise it.
Also local industries don't have a lot of money to advertise their movies.
Local film companies often do not have enough money to widely advertise their product, so public may not even be informed well enough about the film and would prefer to spend money on watching a Holliwood blockbuster with famous actors instead of some independent film.
However, the crucial defference between sport life of both genders is that men do less exersises that women at all what can be suppotret by the figures given in this bar chart.
Secondly, I would like to say that cast and plot of these film produced by American and English companies moslty are unprecendent what makes them to be on the top of the cinema industry.
These film have captured the audience thanks to their deep thoughts and sence without any great financial expenditures.
The only one age level where the amount of minutes spent on sport by women was more than that one by men was 55-64 years.
It is worth noticing that people over 75 years old in average doing sports, but they spent much less time for it that teenagers: seniors were doing sport and exercise for 29.
The number of users of Facebook on desktop falls from 150 millions on March, 2012 to about 130 millions people on March 2013.
At the same time the number of using Facebook on phones is increasing: from 50 millions on March, 2012 to almost 100 millions users on March, 2013.
However, space exploration asks for a lot of money.
But for desktop version there is another trend: less users used it in 2013 than in 2012.
However, the number of pepople, who use mobile phone for chating in facebook had a upward trend and changed at aproximately on 50 millions.
Moreover, in March in 2012 the number of people was 150 millions of users, where in March in 2012 it consisted of 135 millions of users.
In March in 2012 the number of people was 55 millions of users, whereas in March in 2013 this number was 90 millions of users.
There are a huge amount of developments in different spheres.
The amount of rubbish increases every day.
The first part of the chart shows us that in March 2013 people started to use mobile devices more: almost 100 millions of users in comparison with only 55 millions in 2012.
However, the number of people using desktop has decreased from 150 millions of users in 2012 to 135 millions in 2013.
On the first diagram we can see, that usage of Facebook on mobile platforms became higher in 2013 year: from 50 millions uses to 90.
Also desktop Facebook lowered from 150 millions in 2012 to 130 in 2013.
The first pecture shows that the number of Desktop users decreased throughout the year by approximately twenty millions.
However, the number of mobile users increased by about forty millions of people.
The more detailed look on the graph reveals that there are always much more Desktop users than mobile ones: the difference is ninety millions in March 2012 and forty millions in March 2013.
There are also a lot of trash everywhere and we even have no place to put it.
Furthemore, goverments and societies over the world do a lot of work for poor people: social programs that include giving money or jobs, free food in churches and special places for homeless people to sleep.
The main point is that it does not mean there are enough money for these problems.
As it can be seen from the first chart the vast majority (150 out of 200 millions of people) prefered to use desktop version of Facebook instead of using its mobile app.
Although to the March of 2013 users' preferences have not reaaly changed, the ratio of those using mobile version increased from being just over 50 millions in 2012 to almost 100 millions in 2013.
All in all we can see that amount of Facebook users raised and we can also see tendetion for using the mobile version.
The reason why some people think that exploring space is a waste of money is that the government can spend those money for something more useful for people.
Generally speaking, the majority of people use Facebook from their computers accounting for about 150 millions of users in 2012 against approximately 130 million people in 2013.
By contrast, the number of people who use phones to log in Facebook is smaller amounting to 55 millions of users in 2012 and around 90 millions in 2013.
However, some people are completely aginst that because these money can solve various problems connected to society like poverty or environmental issues.
Some people may argue that without a bigger financial support, some ideas cannot be recreated and that British or American films are this popular because they have a lot of money put into them.
This opinion is not totally wrong, although if a film is really good, some actors can agree to work for free if they think that this film will get a lot of fame.
It is hard to make a good film which can be compared with Hollywood's products, if you have not enough money.
However, locally produced films often do not have enough money to spend on advertising and due to this fact a lot of peole just do not know about them.
What is more, there is almost no another way of moving from one continent to the other, and trains, or cars, or trucks, if there will be more of them on some continent because of reduced amount of airplanes, will paralyse the traffic system, to say nothing about the harm it will cause to the ecology.
Few would despute the fact that travelling by plane is the most conviniet way to get to another place, although it produces an outstanding amount of gases.
Whether the government should make any steps in order to decrease the number of air travel is a controversial topic worth discussing.
Why do we have such a big amount of crime situations in the world?
The lack of freedom, bad conditions and a lot of time to think about their behaviour.
Unfortunatelly there were not information about number of percent.
The number of percent are 30.
What is more, all this time the government closes its eyes when this question rises but if it create a special law and control the situation, everything can dramatically change; the amount of flights will be minimised and the nature will be saved (but some international companies will lose lots and lots of money (and a lot of people will be hired)).
As can be seen from the graph, the biggest amount of goods transported by rail is metals, which is different in products transported by road.
The food products transported by road is approximately one third of all goods, whereas the percentage of this goods in railway deliverly is only 11 per cent.
The charts also show us the amount of non-metallic minerals, which is 13 per cent in road transportation and approximately half of that number in railway deliverly.
So, how can we reduce the amount of crimes?
Two of this charts consist of machinery, matals, chemicals, manufactured good, non-metallic minerals and food products.
First diagramm illustrates the amount of goods transported by rail.
Second diagramm illustrates the amount of goods transported by road.
Unlike manufactured goods, food products only take 11 percents of the total amount of goods transported by the rail.
There are many political and social programms to reduce crime and people have differents points of view about steps to be taken for reducing crime.
Namely, the amount of chemicals delivered by trains was only 5% lower than one by trucks: 11% and 16% respectively.
So, if the amount of air travels reduced, most businessmen can lose the chance to evolve their affairs and to become succesful.
I partly agree that a lot of air travel is unnecessary because trains are modernized now and it can offer us more comfortable ways to reach our destionation.
Besides, we usually spend a lot of time on short-term air travels instead of using cars or trains.
MOre than this there are a certain amount of people wishing some of the prisoners to be killed.
Secondly,while we were making a comparison we noticed that these two chart had something in common - the indexes of manufactured goods and chemicals are very alike.
To conclude, it is very important to add that the difference in these pie chart can be easily described if someone will look at them attentively.
On one hand people who are against prisons do not propose other options of making criminals better.
People who support it think that, fistly, the longer the prison sentence is, the more people fear to get into prison, and secondly, there will be less criminals on the streets, as most of them will be in prisons for long (or forever).
Some people claim that introducing laws which decrease the amount of trips made by air transport means is a proof of overreacting and not being able to suggest an actual solution of this issue, which is an opinion I share.
The graph below shows how much goods are transported between Eastern Europe countries in 2008.
For example, a person have not enough money and he do not know, what to do.
Pie charts illustrate the amount of goods transported between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008 by rail and by road.
Chemicals and food products share the same persentage in rail transportation, but, as we can see, persentage of food products, transpoterd by road is signifficantly bigger than the amount of chemical goods.
The second place is given to the manufactured goods, which are only 2% away from the amount of food products and 3% higher than amount of manufactured products transported by rail.
To sum up, we have to say, it is obvious, that the most popular way to transport metal products is by rail and a significant amount of food goods is treansported by road.
I think that not so many people would be able to offord to pay thousands of money to keep out of prison, so they would think twice before commiting a crime.
Taking this into consideration, we can see, that environmental protection based on special equipment, used for modifying airplens, clearing fossil fuels is not so effective as it may initially be seen On the other hand, it can be proposed, that all the air travel companies should arrange the number of flights they offer, so as to reduce the actual amount of airplanes used.
Firts of all, this way of sollution the air pollution problem seems to be less harmful for economics: while environmental solution mentioned above demands extra expenses on special equipment, this proposal suggests reducing the amount of benefits maintaining the mechanism of the average air flights scheme.
The budget of the majority of hot countries depends on the tourism rates and the amount of people visting their country annually.
The more the amount of visiters will be, the higher the government will earn.
To conclude, when people need to transport a huge amount of things which won't lose quality while they are delivering, they usually use a train.
However, the amount of manufactured goods and chemical products are nearly equal in terms of the way of transfering.
The data are provided in the amount of degrees Celcies per each month during the year.
Whether the main world governments ought to take certain measures to decrease the amount of flights related to business and leisure is a controversial issue worth discussing.
Other people claim that it is undoubtedly exellent to understand that each point of the map can be achieved in a few time by simle using of a plan.
The most obvious difference between the climat of this two cities is tha temperature difference between the seasons.
But in my opinion, there are lots of destination one could get to without ussing plain.
The government has to try decreasing number of these kind of factories, or use alternative ways of energy and working with metal.
In my oponion air traveling gives not many pollution then other tipes of transports.
Firstly, because the amount of cars are higher than the amount of air planes.
In addition the number of different other transport also increase than number of planes.
Secondly, I do not understand why governments want to decrease number of air travel, if this type of travelling is popular not in every social group.
The amount of cold monthes in Yakytsk is 8, in case of the graf the autumn period is not even hotter then 1 degree.
The number of endengerd specious would grow every year because of flobal warming.
Undoubtedly, we are face to face with a big problem because if a lot of air travel, that conributes global warming and air pollution, is unnecessary and we are just wasting it, goverments will have find solution of it.
I have the same opinion as people will want to make a lot of money on itand it will be a struggle for success.
Moreover, it can take a lot of time and money for introducing laws because it is a long process even for goverments.
The main question is how goverment can influence on this procces to reduce the harm produced by people's actions.
As for non-metalic minerals and chemicals, we can see that this goods are transported mostly by road (16 percent and 13 percent vs.
In conclusion, this two pie charts shows us real information about transportation between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008 year.
So, the main question in this problem is how to punish this criminals.
In my opinion, it is a strange way of punishment due to this conditions.
Moreover, this problem can also be tackled with cancelling those programm of additional free miles that are given to those people who fly a lot.
Almost the same amount of goods for manufactured goods - 25%.
At the same time, the disappearing of this phenomen is only the ullusion.
The presented charts illustrate the amount of different types of goods in a persentage transported by rail and by road in 2008 in countries of Easten Europe.
The other pretty good tendency which is useful to cope from the Iceland is creating a big amount of stadiums and workouts all over the country.
All things consideres, I suppose that there are more human-frendly ways to reduce the crime than to expand the sentence of a prisoner, because it is not a fear to become a prisoner decreases the amount of criminals but a clear and healthy mind.
Moreover, I think, that if the goverment introduce laws, which will decline the amount of air travels, people will start to make some meetings.
Generally, the amount of manufactured goods and chemicals transported both by road and by rail is almost the same, however, the percentage of other goods' transportation differs dramatically.
The amount of chemicals differs slightly, it is 11 and 16 per cent transported by rail and by road.
First of all, due to better education and proper life circumstances the amount of criminals will decline.
The charts below demonstrate the amount of various tipes of goods transported by rail and by road in Eastern Europe in 2008.
Information is given in percentage of the total amount of transported goods.
The pie chart also shows that amount of raw industrial goods, which are chemicals, metals and non-metallic minerals makes 30 percent, as it is for food products.
It is even more relevant nowadays, when the amount of crimes rises every year in our country.
And the last one goods non-metallic minerals.
As for the transportation by road they have only 13 percent, what about transportation by road it is only a few percent.
To sum up, it needs to compare this two graphs.
Ecological problems influence our planet, and we, as a huge part of its habitants, feel this effects.
To put it more precisely, if a human is tought that crimes, murders and other types of illegal actions entail only punishment they can one day be persuaded by this propositions.
Amount of transported chemicals and food products are equal and machinery is ahead of them only with one per cent more.
They believe that the fear of long enough sentence will prevent people from commiting crimes as the risk will be not worth it.
The given charts represent the amount of transportation of different kinds of goods by various transport, in particular, by rail and by road.
Apparently, when someone knows that by stealing something he will only be put in a jail for several month it may be not as effective as if someone knows that he will be there for several years.
It could help to dicrease the amount of consumers in air tourism.
Of course, a lot of people сan say that it is so cruel and we have no rights to kill people even if he or she is a killer who brought a great amount of lives.
Firstly, it is very doubtful, and I believe this is a moot point, since the amount of cars in the world and fuses they produce is inadequetly bigger, at least 100000 times bigger I presume, and since many of those cars are cheap, old and are being used by people in 3rd world countries, where the quality of fuel leaves a lot to be desired, I believe that there are a lot of dangers to our atmosphere aside from air travelling.
It is obvious that the problem of pollution is connected with an enormous amount of different kinds of transport.
For instance, one policy can produce the rye and there is no bananas in its territory, so it is logically to sell the part of the crop to another country and buy essential amount of bananas.
For example, we can see bad situation around food market in poor countries because the goverment of these countries have no apportunity to make enough amount of food and people of these states are in bad situation.
Consequently, a short period of discvalification might help him to refuse from this drugs and normalize his sport condition.
One of the most controversial issues nowdays relative to whether sportsmen who use dopping should be banned for some amount of years of should they be banned forever.
One side argues that drug abuse is a serious enough offense to justify a lifetime ban from all professional sports events.
However, in the UK this levels small (2,6 and 1,8 billion US Dollars respectively).
The main reason for believing this is that this sportsmens finished use this drugs.
It is also possible to say that they can use this drugs for reason injures.
It is often argued that in fact this athletes should be banned for the rest of their lives.
People often have this opinion because this athletes make spirit of competition bad.
In conclusion, I would like tell about this sportsmens should be banned for the rest of their lives.
As regards the USA the book and eBook market accounted for 10,5 and 5,5 billion US Dollars respectively with predicted for 2018 that this markets will amoun to 7,5 and 8,5 billion US Dollars.
Similarly, in Germany and China the eBook market accounted for 1 and 0,5 billion US Dollars, with expected for 2018 that this markets will amount to 1,5 and 1 billion US Dollars respectively.
It is useless to deny that professional athletes shoud stop their career for a limited perioud because they can realize that using illegal drugs doesn't worth the win on the different competition and stop using it.
In conclusion, it is definitely true that unfair sportmans, using illegal drugs, must go out from sport, and it's not important how many achievement they already got.
Summarise, forecast of the Print in Germany and China will be more than 10 billion dollars, while a forecast of eBook will be only 2,5 billions.
In this essay I goind to exemine the question from both of view and then give my own perspective on situation.
He have a lot of regard getting by illegal way and it is important reason why he should be banned for the rest of his life.
To sum up, I strongly believe, ban from competing professionaly from a limited period is enough punishment for sportsmen, who use illegal drugs for several reason.
In 2014 usage of ebooks less than print definitely.
If instead this list sportsmen will choose drugs in order to rocket to the top that I assume that such person is sick and donot have opportunity to compete in professional events and chelenges.
It is expected that the US market of printed books will decrease, amounting to 1,5 billion of dollars, whereas market of eBooks will rise and account for 8,8 billion of dollar.
Some people hold the opinion that people who use these drugs should be banned for several time.
When it comes to numbers, USA had the lead in terms of the drop size — 3 billions dollars.
China — 4,2, UK — 2) without Germany, which will have the same amount of dollars.
The main feature in all countries mentioned in that statistics is increasing of level of using eBook in 2018 in comparing with using eBook in 2014.
But in Germany this digit will not change: 6 billions dollars in 2014 and 6 billions dollars in 2018.
Finally, it is important to note that in Germany there is an interesting tendency that Print amounted six billions in 2014 and in 2018.
Meanwhile, eBook have a growth about 0,5 billions.
It is predicted that the development of print book will decrease by 2018, which is accounted for 7,5 billions of dollars.
Meanwhile, the development of print market in Germany is stabled, which amouted to 6 billion of dollars in both 2014 and 2018, while it is forecast that the sales of eBook will grow from 1 to nearly 1,5 billions of dollars.
It is projected that the development of the print book market in this countries will decline to 4,2 and 2 billion of dollars on print book in China and UK, respectively.
On this graph we see that in 2014 in each of four countries print market is higher than eBook market in many times.
This sportsmens for this period will lose their form, sponsors and became less famouse.
This people think sportsmens won't understand their mistakes and continue to find ways to make results better without training and working.
But if this athletes cought with illegal drugs one more time, I agree with Idea of lifelong ban in this situation.
One people argue that a detetion of such drugs in a blood of an athlet should exclude him or her from professional competitions of any kind for a limited time, while others claim that the ban should last forever.
On the one hand, it is clear that development of the book market in the USA represented by far the greatest number of the print market, approximately 2 times, as much as the print market in Germany, which is the next largest number.
Around 5,5 billions of dollars on the eBook in this country.
Also it may be noticed that in 2018 Gemany will have 6 billions of dollars on print.
in the USA the development of print book will decrease which is accounted for 7,5 billions of dollars.
Regarding Germany in 2018, people will spend the same number of money on print books (6 billion US Dollars), in 2014, with people will spending more monney on eBook (1,5 billion US Dollars, which is 0,5 more than in 2014).
It is ridiculous to deny that sportsmans, who consume illegal drags should be banned from competing professionally for a limited period, for example several years.
By contrast, USA had the major result amount of 5,5 billion US Dollars.
Both this views are discussing before make a decision.
Sport competitions have a rules and this rules must be worked, and if somebody break this rules, he must feel the consequences.
It's clear that the amount of warm months in Rio de Janeiro is bigger than in Yakutsk.
In Rio the temperatures have less changes.
One more argument is that same countries in the world get a lot of money when they export some products.
On the other hand, some people think that each country should produce that types of food which is more effectively for them and practise in importing other due to several reasons: more benefits, less spendings for producing and wider abilities to satisfy people's needs in food in any amount.
To begin with, a part of our society sure that the amount of benefites from producing only for country's population will be enough for normal and effective development of the country.
These athlets have done a lot of work to achieve their goals, become famous, get medals, take part in Olympiad and other pretigious competitions.
And several time ago laboratory checked his analysis and became clearly that he used illegal drugs.
For example, our country have fertile lands but do not growth neccesary amount of potatoes.
Secondly, when countries import products they pay a lot of money for them to other countries and decrease the amount of CDP in their own country.
To conclude with, it is clear that there are many opinion on should countries import food or not.
Thus, international communication can helps this countries to find products, they will be restrict in choice of food.
As we know, this products can help people around the world improve their helth.
Thus, if countries will not aim to import fruits, children and adults cannot get enough amount of important vitamins.
To sum up, countries should exchange food products owing to it helps not only only minority what countries eats different kind of food, but this way can will rise this economic indexes.
Firstly, many governments try to earn enough money, so they should export something from their countries.
It show that in 2014 print books solds in value 10,5 billions US dollars, but eBook smaller for 5 billions.
Second chart show that in Germany printed book value in 2014 and 2018 located on six billions US dollars.
Value of eBook rise for 500 millions from 1 to 1,5 billions.
Third chart illustrated that Chinese sells change for half of billion in print market falling from 4,8 to 4,2 billions and eBook rise from 0,5 to 1 billions.
So for many of them import is more profitable for their economies, than self-production.
These money can be invest in social, environment or science projects, which help people.
In this graph lines are not flactuated.
You can know where and how this products is grown or done.
Moreover, from this graphs is clearly seen that minimum and maximum lines in Jakutsk are skyrocket to July and show from 10°C to 25°C and then dip to -45°C while in Rio de Janeiro it is fluctuate from 20°C to 30°.
Comparison of these two graphs is incorrect because there are many difference between these cities.
This trends will be similar for all countries, but the general income in Germany and China will decrease more rapidly, resulting with UK market will have second size in 2018, with about 4 billion dollars general sales.
These are some different ways how to combat this phenomena.
On the one hand, it seems more wisely to ban sportsmens for a limited period, because it is enough time for them to understand the consequences of such unfair action.
On the other hand, if punishment for using illegal drugs too soft it leading to the situation when other, "clear" before, athletes start participate in such illigal action, because they don't afraid that their sport career would be disorder, they could use this interapts in sport activity for trainings and return to the sport with new power and without any shame.
Another advantages of ban for the rest of life is that decrease in number of organization involving sportsmen in using illegas drugs.
Every state produces the food that demands less costs for this particular country in compersion with others and provide this product for the world market.
This two graphs differ from each other.
It is believed, that countries should make food for their own population and short their export.
To begin with, We Should take into consideration, that exist countries that are not able to produce food due to several reason: climate, landscape, flora etc.
If other countries stop this deals, countries, without food production, Just simply may die out.
And if this countries lose their income from trading products it might impact on level of immigrants as citizens would try to escape to another countries.
All in all, two graphs represent the contrast trend difference of maximum and minimum temperatures of these two city.
In addition to globalization, people can have more willing to travel in this countries.
In 2014, USA was a leader of book printed market, it composed 10,5 billions US dollars for the printing and 5,5 billions US dollars for the eBook.
However, the forecast for 2018 shows that book market dipped to 7,5 billions US dollars, while eBook market increased to 8,5 billions US dollars.
In contrast, in Germany level of printed book market in 2018 will be the same as in 2014 (6 billion dollars), but eBook market will increase by 0,5 billions dollars.
So the welness level and the life level at that countries is very high.
By this way economics wellness of this country would be at high level and also it would have good relationships with that countries which have export and import connections.
So, countries have to import some products, because they cannot produce enough amount for all citizens.
In conclusion, producing food not only for yourself can give a country a lot of benefit.
If the country does not produce enough food for its population, it tends to increase food supply from abroad.
Some people take drugs because they are nervous and hate themself for this doings.
It means that country should accumulate a lot of food for winter period, that is always difficult because of weather disasters such as draught or long rains.
I'm quite shure that there are an enormous amount of people who really like Russian food.
This two graphs represent us the information about temperatures in two cities from different parts of the world - Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; and Yakutsk, Russia.
The highest one - 25°, was noticed in July - it is the middle of the summer in Russia; and the lowest is -40° fixed in January and December.
This sanctions impacts not only on europian food production countries, but also on russian citizens: because of climate and undeveloped technologies russian farmers and companies are not able to produce some kinds of food and goods.
I am of the opinion that in the era of globalisation trade barriers make a lot of harm especially in the food trade.
Also the minimum of temperature in Russia is minos 40°C, whereas in Brazil it is just less 20°C.
Overall, the average temperatures is complitely different for both of country.
There is only one difference is that the amount of money will fall by 0,6 billions.
For this reasons, countries without imported products have an experience of depression due to low difference in food.
But many people think that it is not nessesary to import products from others countries, they think that nations can produce enough food and another stuff for their country.
For example, In Russia we have a lot of fields with row, we have a huge teritories for field and can take a lot of row for our population and for that populations who have no territory for big fields as Japan or Chili.
In order to thrive, it is very important for countries to lessen the amount of goods that are imported from abroad.
It is clear that countries can develop economically only when the amount of exported goods exceeds the amount of imported goods.
I believe, that countries shouldn't go against the nature of the market.
Taking everything into account, it can be concluded that inspite of the fact that there are different points of view about this topic, I am personaly convinced that only openness to the world global market and paying enough attention to import can help countries to make the life of their population comfortable.
The lowest number of money was spended in the UK.
At the start moment in 2014, Germany took second place on development of print publications which reached the level of 6 billions and, according to the forecast, this level will remain stable.
The highest range belongs to metals and it reached a number of 35% from all goods.
Overall, the similar amount of goods transported by two different ways belongs to manufactured goods: 25% and 28%, while in other spheres these percentages change depended on transportation way.
Seconldy, the widespread use of modern technology led to raising amount of children who started sick with epilepsy.
These two diagrams illustrate amount of transportation of goods between countries in Eastern Europe by categories.
Of course, manufactured goods also have a significant part in amount of goods transporations (about quarter of all traffic) by the same reason - huge weight.
Nowadays a lot of people assume that use modern technology is way to degradation and It causes a huge amount of problems to humans health.
Of course, there are a lot of illness, that indirectly caused by gadgets, like problems with eyes, back.
Firstly, It helps medicine, I mean It gives opportunity to national healthcare to be improved: modern ways to catch diagnoses save a huge amount of people.
Secondly, those who are apainst modern technolopies ensure that wide use of cars which are now available for almost every person pollute the atmosphere and humanity faces significant amount of problems with lungs and heart diseases.
As for my, I find this problems not so unreducable.
In general, all health desiases caused by modern techuologies were caused by ouer-use of this technologies and useing it in anpropriate way.
As it can be seen from these charts the biggest umount of metals was deliuered by rail transport, but the biggest amount of food products was deliuered by road.
Also by both types of transport were deliuered appronimately equal amount of manufactured goods.
Some of that problems will be discussed in this essay.
In both chrts the amount of chemicals is very low, about 11% and 16%.
People started watch their phomes, TV's, computers too much.
Thus, heavy goods like metals, machinery were transported by rail and less heavy products like food, non-metallic minerals by road.
Secondly, they have to get in an account that people spend a lot of time with these technologies, for example, phone.
Although it makes people's life easier in several ways, it can seriously damage health, and be a cause of increasing amount of health problems.
Very often people, who spend a lot of time in front of their computers, suffer from overweight.
It is obvious that proportions of manufactured goods, and chemicals are practically the same, while the amount of other goods differs greatly.
The greater amount of transactions made by road is 30% for food products and 28% for manufactured goods.
Moreover, they should pay attention to the diet they lead and try to balance the amount of vitamins and other nutrious elements.
As it's clearly seen, increase and decrease of temperature has surely character, and changes in amount of graduces is so fast.
This countries has another products for sale, and they must buy food from another countries, it's necessary to survive.
This numbers rise quickly, reaching the peek in July, when maximum temperature is about 25°C and minimum is about 12°C.
If we compare this two graphs we can see that average temperature in winter in Yakutsk is much less then in Rio de Janeiro, while in summer temperatures can be the same.
In Yakutsk temperature changes from winter to summer for 60°C, while in Rio de Janeiro this changes are just 12°C.
People who have opposing view says that it is bad for development of country to spend so much resources on producing of food.
They believe that this people can help in other places, instead of working in the fields.
Facebook, as we can notice, is most popular social network in all four age groups, moreover in all four age groups amount of Facebook users is more than amount of Instagram users plus amount of LinkedIn users.
Grow of amount of crimes commited by young people is a serious problem of our society.
This highlights that, in general, an average LinkedIn user is expected to be older than an average Facebook user, which is in his turn expected to be older than those of Instagram.
One of the most disturbing and dangerous social trends today is rise in the amount of crimes commited by young people.
What if parents work all week and simply do not have a lot of spare time for children?
Old generation (group 4, who is 65+) participate in social networks less than other people.
Statistic, provided by developed countries, shows that crucial amount of crimes involve people without education.
Amount of young people, who commites crimes, has rosen in past few years.
Nowadays parents spend a lot of time at work.
In conclusion, I would like to say, that problem of rising amount of youngsters, who commites a crime, can be solved by parents, teachers and government.
They do not have enough attention from their parents, so they need to engage themselves on their own.
This social media is prefered by 30 - 49 years and 50 - 64 years mostly (31% and 30% respectively).
The number of percentage falls gradually to 73, 63 and 56 percent in subsecutive age groups.
Due to this openess people is highly affected by popular trends and people in Internet.
To prevent this behavior parents and teachers should do everything to contact with children in a good and tolerant way.
In other words, young people have enough time to do whatever they want, which sometimes includes getting into "wrong" companies of friends, who can rob or attack innocent people just for the sake of fun.
Another reason of the described trend of more crimes committed by the young age group people might be as follows: current media produce a lot of content which is connected with cruelty, and young adults become more tolerant to crimes by wathing such content.
As a result, especially this age group faces a lot of cruelty online through these videos.
However, it is necessary to keep in mind the possibility of an opposite effect which in that young people might get angry, if they are prohibited to watch something.
Indeed, it is known, that it is common situation, that parents are too busy earning money to get into all details of their child life As for teachers, they often have too much people in class to give proper attention to each individual.
It is known that nowadays the young people commit the biggest amount of crimes compare to the previous times.
To sum up, the problem of growing amount of crimes making by teenagers is very actual and is a reason for anxiety about their future.
Nowadays the problem of a high crime rate among young people has become a significant problem for society as it affects our security In this paper I would like to suggest the causes of this phenomena and make advise how to tackle with the given problem.
Taking into account all above-mentioned factors, it is obvious that high amount of young criminals constitutes a serious problem with deep causes.
Violance and crimes have always thretened the society and these days, when the amount of crimes committed has grown significantly this problem has become even more tremendous.
The bigger the age of a user, the less chances that he uses the Facebook social network.
It can be caused by different things, such as people around a person, teachers, which can probably teach students something inappropriate or parents which don't spend enough time with their child.
To decrease the amount of crimes made by younger people, parents should watch their developing and control it, spend more time to make their child more adapted to modern society.
Using this solutions, we can decrease the children crime rate.
Thus, it became really easy to do illegal things with less chances to be caught.
From macraeconomies we know that six percent unemployment shows that country haven't got big problems in this economics.
On the other hand musicians and film producers earn a lot of money and if everyone in the world will buy their music or film, including that they would can buy a part of our world/ In conclusion all musicians and film producers should make their products' prices cheaper if they want to decide the problem with illegal pirate copies.
Because all of people like music and whatching films but not all of them have enough money to buy it.
And internet piracy is a theft, because hundred millions dollars, that creators can borrow, are lost and people gets this arts for freeBut there is another opinion: if producers and musicans want their arts to be famous, especially music composition, then they have to share it everywere, including internet.
This boys very rich and clever.
We see that the number of percent in some regions are not rise or drop.
To begin with general fast we know that Nourth Africa has the biggest number of percent (12,5%).
They spend a lot of time and emotions to cheer you up with music, to provoke something in you.
This serveces provide good-quality content with a smaller fee than in cinemas.
In worldwide the number of unemployment remained stable on 5,9%.
Children see poverty, alcohol and drugs, they get used to this things, they also get used to crimes (may be they even think that it is a normal way of living and solving their problems).
They gather money from people who buy this copies inspite of the fact that they have not made any contribution into the product.
Besides, people assume that companies or groups which produce films or music have enough money to go on creating new ideas.
The highest point of the North Africa demonstrates a region with a lowest amount of citizens with a job.
In these digital century the world faced a lot problems of a property.
On the other hand, oppenents of this point of view argue that producers lose a lot of money.
Producers, musicians spend a lot of money to make a product.
This changes shows that situation in this regions becomes better and more and more people get their job.
Looking at this changes we can see that european employees face some difficulties.
The rates of north Africa and South Asia are stable, but the difference between this two regions is great.
Producers waste a lot of money in order to get more after the first night.
On the other hand, there are less people who illegally download content in rich countries.
But I believe that we could not identify this actions as illegal because person just save documents that are free and available on the Web.
So, it means that it can be not enough money for next projects.
And mostly such content is free, that is why so much people use and share it.
It is the main reason of such huge amount of pirate sources.
Annually, musicians and film producers lose lots of money.
That is why a lot of music and films are downloaded.
Facebook and Instagram have some trend: the younger people are, the more popular this networks will be for them, so the percentage of users is declining with the growth of age.
Lets consider an issue, that nowadays more crimes are being committed by young people than ever before; think of reasons for that and possible solutions to the problem.
That results in fact, that they can easily get lot of know-how of committing crimes and, moreover, can be influenced by criminals, who wants to achieve their own purposes by doing dirty thing with someone's other hands.
By contrast, South Asia had the least amount of unemployed people.
there are too much people downloading illegal files to punish everyone.
From data it becomes clear that in this place is the fewer level of unemployment in contrast with other regions.
Because of this creators of music and film suffer a losses.
There is an opinion, that musicians and film producers have a very high income, so they might not lose a lot of money because of internet copies.
Moreover, people will always go to the concerts and cinemas and pay a lot of money for these attractions.
The opponents believe that stars and producers pay a lot of time and forces to create something special for their audience.
North Afica has the biggest percentage of unemployment people in this years.
As the result, people in film and music industries lose a lot of money, suffering from these illegal downloaders.
But I think it's too cruel to think that these action by users is a theft.
Moreover, the punishing measure would territy those users who share the pirate content, because if even the consumering of this files is punished, what the Goverment can do with them?
These industries loose a lot of money because of it.
Nowadays, making films or recording songs or albums cost a lot of money.
So this phenomen of modern society is theft.
On the one hand, today individuals consume so much goods of the musical and cinematography sphere that it will be too expensive for them to pay for every downloaded pirate copy.
Middle East had enough high level (11 percent) but it was declined to 9.
They have enough money to pay for it and likely good salaries.
They spend a lot of time for doing their job well.
This chart bar represents the idea of changing the amount of unemployed people in various world regions in periods of 2014 and 2015 years.
In Middle East we can see pozitive dynamics because the amount of people withot a job fell from 11 percents to 9,6 persents.
Besides, not every person on Earth have enough money even for Food and such people cannot be punished for the interest in self-educating.
Of course, this people should be punished.
But I also think, that using some special programmes for legal downloading can be compromise decision for this two sides.
What about the amount of unemployed people all over the world, the percent also stills same.
Situation, which was decribed is not only one in history of TV industry Because of these stupid situations people let happens for this mistakes must be punished because they make dishonest and unrespectable things for creators of films and music, but also for lows of goverment.
There are a lot of problem with a public law.
It is true but we also have musicians and film producers who lose many money.
Both of the action is work and must be paid for.
I also give a lot of money for recording songs (100$ per song).
These circumstances provide an opportunity not give a lot of money for something you maybe will not like at all.
Great amount of social networs users do reposts, send a messages for friends with new song of their favourite singer.
Consequently, musicians and film producers suffer huge losses from this illegal actions.
Nowadays people often do not spend enough time teaching moral to their children.
The number of unemployment given from N.
There is no doubt, that people who work in art industry lose lots of there money because they have not enough protection.
Not everyone have enough money to pay for everything they want.
If we were not pay for any of them we are ruin there lives because they do not have enough money to do something pleasure.
Even it is not so bad for this region, because there is no strong difference in this two results, but it is dangerous because of tendency for rise of the percent next years.
In case of that people, who download pirate content instead of buying original, must be punished.
Because I don't have enough money to afford every disk I want.
The sector of under-the-low sector in these sphere may be a great obstacle in media distributing and development.
On the other hand, in several country there is no special lows for this issue regulation.
Firstly, the amount of money that musicians and producers receive depends most of all on the amount of people who will perceive their content.
As an example of the dependence between audience and producer's money, we can take the situation when the creators of the movie spend a lot of money to make it, and when the movie is released and becomes not so popular among people, the directors and producers receive less money then they have spent.
The given chart represents differences between the amount of unemployment citizens in North Africa, Middle East, Europe, Latin America, South Asia and worldwide in 2014 and in 2015.
Film producers and musicians lose huge amounts of money from this illegal copies.
They spend a lot of money for making a produsing the art objects, but they haven't got a money for using it.
But Internet users are not guilty that they are given a lot of free content of information and they are not responsible for problem of Internet pirating.
The region with the lowest amount of unemployment people is S.
South Asia stays stable this two years.
The Internet provide us a lot of information, including multimedia, Movies, pictures, soundtracks from favourite film - all of this things you can find on special websites or online-programms.
The problem is that a huge amount of people do not know the law and do not wat research which film was stolen and which film was downloaded for free by its owner.
In my opinion, when some countries import the food they make some money, therefore this will be good for economics of this countries.
Also, we can ecck at the experiance when our country (Russia) was USSR, and when we didn't contact with many other countrie, and aim to import as little as possible, and nevertheless we have a bed situation whith import.
In conclusion, to sum up, I would like to say that it is obvious, that countries should not aim to import, because it's so important for each countrie, consequently I claim that it's easy to produce the food for import and for own populatont eats.
So some of this people commit crimes to get money, some of them are rich enough, but they have nothing to do.
Lack of activities forces this guys to join radical groups (like nazi, antifasists etc.
The majority of immigrants come from less civilized countries without strong traditions of law-obidience, so migrant comit crimes much more freqiently than natives.
On the one hand there are many advantages produce enough food for population.
There are two kind of this countries: first kind is poor countries which can't produce or import enough food for population - like countries in Africa, second kind is developing or developed countries which could get enough food.
In my opinion that countries don't need to produce food by themselves because many citizens of this countries work not in real sector, but in financial or science capacitive sectors, like in Swetzerlang.
Also there are small countries like Singapore or Macao thich haven't enough territory to produce food.
It is not very bad for this countries because lack of resources helped to increase economics in there.
Some times the strong climate does not allow to grow some kinds of plants or may be it is just impossible to grow enough food for the population of the country.
However, one important feature hides in the climate of these two cities: while hottest months in Yakutsk are June, July and August, those in Rio are December, January and February.
This graphs show the average maximum and minimum temperatures in °C by Month in two citis: Yakutsk - city in Russia and Rio de Janero - Brazil s city.
Yakutsk is cold place: most of month have average maximum and minimum temperatures less than or near on zero.
Nations should reduse the total amount of imported products.
Some countries are just too small and they do not have enough land.
As the age goes up presence of this age group members in the network gradually diminishes (for Facebook) or drastically slumps if we have a closer look at Instagramm: the percentage of 30-49 years old users is twice less compared to 18-29 group.
Secondly, not all countries have enogh fertile farm lands to produce enough food to all their population, and alternative methods of producing food are not as effective.
Because the cooking recipe of this dilicies is the national secret that keeps tourist's interests hot to this country.
It is important to provide own population with own food, because it develop an economy of countries Furthermore, many countries dream to have own prodation for whole population, because it means that a country do not depend from other countries For this countries need to import little products in other countries.
For example, one country produce milk produest and some of these producst sell for own population and others send to second country.
To sum up, using information, which given this graphs, it is possible to say about average temperatures in Yakutsk and Rio de Janeiro, analyse this graphs and take some outcomes.
One of this aspects is problems of country, when it can't produce many food, that their own population eats.
So, importing the food is the one possible solution for this countries.
But goverments of this countries must understand that this stategy will make some negative outcomes.
First of all, we can register the biggest change between summer and winter months on both curves, and they are we could see the main difference in climate in this two cities.
Secondly, some countries are not able to produce enough food for their own population due to climate issues.
In conclusion, that aren't a lot of same between average temperatures in this cities, but in Rio all period of year "summer".
These money can be used for development of farm industries to enlarge the variety of goods that can be produced.
On the other hand, i cannot agree with this topic because, unfortunately, not all countries have possibilities and facilities to grow a large amount of goods inside the country.
Regardless of difference in the amount of users, Facebook and Instagram share the common pattern of engagement dependent on age, which is "the younger the group, the larger the share of users"In contrast to that, LinkedIn demonstrates flatter distribution of engagement.
Some children might be engaged in stealing or robbery because they don't have enough money to fulfill their needs and desires.
Thus, technology may has bad influence on our health, but it is only our responsibility to control the number of influence.
Two charts illustrates amount of goods in percentage transporting by rail and road between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
First that can notice the highest amount of metals reaching a level of 35% which was transported by rail was more than half as many the amount of percentage transported by road.
Amount of chemicals transported by rail slightly less than transported by road.
Besides, marchinery goods hiting their peak at 12 per cent wich transported by rail in sprite of the amount of mentioned goods transported by road rech their peak at just 2 per cent.
All in all, it is clear that amount of goods transporten between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008 by rail and by road was flactuated.
Of course, lots of time in a web very dangerous for kids, who are not doing sports and active game with other children.
Of course, people shouldn't delete all of these tipe of technologies from their life, but they should realy control this side of their life and don't forget about sport and healthcare.
Present-day man spends a lot of time using computers and laptops in a wrong sitting position.
The smalest number of product transported by rail is non-metallic minerals, transported be road is machinery.
Sometimes we can spend a day with this gajets, but it can produce problems with health.
Cars, buses produce lot of smog and it can involve problems with health too.
Good news is that we can reduce this problems.
It is possible, but it is not easy because technology becomes a big part of our lives and we cannot stop to using this thingt, but we can increase time spending this gajets.
People using this modern developing products more than it should be needed.
I can see, summarise the information this two illustrote graphicL goods transported by rail and road, about of countries in Eastern Europe in 2008 year.
In this charts transported we seen about pie charts, whe he illustrate, Eatch graphic have five pie.
In Russia we have a planty amount of groups and people who fight with such problems.
This parts changed nearly twice.
This gadgets have strong influence on today people.
Firstly, modern technology such as gadgets attract people to spend a lot of free time with smartphone games, whereas this free time could be spended on sports.
Everyone has a lot of work, which can be done only at computers: some researches, projects.
However, there are some ways to tackle this problems.
If he or she will be sitting in a proper position and more away from the computer just for ten minutes in hour, there will be less problems with the eyesight.
One of those negative influence often related with eyes of peoples who have to spend all day long in front of the computer screen.
For instance, a huge amount of people nowdays have to wear glaces because of bad sight, which is deteriorate by modern technologies.
Newdays a largest amount of people believe in danger of using technology.
Human spent a lot of time chatting or searching the information about things he likes.
The information given illustrate the amount of goods transporting by rail and by road in Eastern Europe countries in 2008.
Overall after analazing the information, it can be started then the amount of metals and machinery transportation by rail increase significantly, while the amount of nom-metallic minerals and food products transporting by rails, dramatically decrease in compared with this good driven by road.
However, spending a lot of time in the internet or with computers can increase health problem of people.
In conclusion, I want to tell you that it's not bad thing and most producers are not lose a lot of money by illegal pirate copies.
I know about "Hardcore Henry" film, producers of this movie got 14 millions of dollars, they earn these money only by permission for rent film in Russia and USA (10 millions!
I believe that a lot of heart and brain health problem connected with widely use phones.
Parents are not realized that in the future their children will have a lot of health problem.
Bay be modern technology can increase the number of health problem weThe pie chart below illustrates the information about the moving of goods by rail and by road between several Eastern Europe countries in 2008.
I personally agree with this people and I think that using technology can cause a lot of health problems.
Nevertheless, this goods by rail was significantly bigger and was 12%.
This data changed on 3% and was higher in road chart.
Many argued that the development of using modern technology widely lead to rise of amount of problems with health.
In essay I will show this health problems and try to find a solution of it.
There are millions of people who were glasses, especially office workers as they need to spend a lot of time in front of computers.
Thirdly, the better way to minimaze the radiance level in one's apartment is to decrease the number of gadjetc in house.
Of course, the leader of this charts are food products and manufactured goods.
Additionally, amount of transportating metals by road is only a third part of one by rail (11%$ and 35% respectively).
It is accepted to think that using of modern technologies is the reason of rising amount of deseases.
The successful example of avoiding the problems of sleeping is using phones, laptops or computers the last time before going to bed in two hours at least.
In a conclusion, people still have some health issues due to using some sorts of modern technologies, in spite of the fact that this ones are more safe nowadays.
However, the highest percentage in the first chart has metals, whereas in the second one food products are the leader.
For instance, it is obvious that ones who spend a lot of time working on computer should remember to make a rest regularly, as even 5-10 minutes of eye-exercises helps to avoid eye stress, which can result in short-sight.
There are many different kind of goods, which transported by different ways like roads and railways.
That is already known that this modern changes influentsing on our health.
For instance, people who working in design sphere should spent a lot of time with computers for creating new products.
There is some ways can reduced those problem.
When people doing sports exercises, they have less problems with health, than people who have nor.
This charts shows the information about transportation of goods between different countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
In our modern life people have a lot of problem with health and wellness.
Almost the same trend we could see on Food products parts, but there the biggest percentage of that goods which was transportated by road, was 30 per cent.
There are many advantages of this proces.
Many people think that one of them is an increasing number of illness.
First of all, people send a lot of time in front of television, computer and other modern technics.
The number of caus increase every day.
There are many ways to solve this problems.
It is evident that the greatest amount of goods transported by rail is made up by metals (35%), while non-metallic minerals make up less than 10% of the whole amount of transported goods.
It is easily seen that both transportation ways seem to be suitable for transporting manufactured goods (25% and 28%) and chemicals (11% and 16% of the whole amount of transportated goods respectively).
In conclusion, charts show how differences between type of transportation depends on amount of goods.
The highest percentages of things transported by rail had metals (35%) and manufactured goods (25%), when amount of metals, that transported by road, was low (only 11%).
In conclusion, there are much more number of health problem.
We can see enormous amount of young people mostly who spend all time on chatting and surfing in the Internet.
As I have already mentioned, the problem of rising amount of illnesses is hart to solve.
On the one hand, we can say that metal is more popular, than other goods, but second chart illustrate that the amount of metals transported by road is extremely smaller than metals transported by rail and takes only 11% by all goods transported by road.
This two kinds of good compare only in two per cents.
As a conclusion of this manufactures work can be air and water pollution.
For instance, there are a lot of situation when people have headack because of phones, computers and other.
In contrast, I believe that a lot of modern technology can be able to help to solve any healthy problem.
For example, there are a lot of scientist who nowadays have crucial research about cancer and another important illness.
They took 30% of total amount of goods.
The amount of metals, transported by road was much smaller than by rail.
Nowadays, in the century of modern technology and a huge amount of super smart gadgets, despite the advantages of innovations people often feel themselves worse than their ancestors way for example 20 years ago.
There are a huge amount of health troubles, but lots of solutions also can be find.
Transported manufactured goods had quite equal number of percentage if we are compering charts about rail and road - 25% and 28%.
The difference in percentage of amount of these goods consisted about 5-7%.
But at the same time many people say about connection of this widespread using technologies with increasing numbers of health problems.
Besides, a person who sped a lot of time using Internet can cause from obesity.
Also, the charts depict, that manufactured goods transporting consist almost the same volume in both cases and differ only by 3 percent.
This problems can be solved in many different ways.
Also, the number of machinery was decreased on 10 percent by rail and it became 2 percent.
What kind of this health problems?
Many percent of humans thinks that new technologies in a modern world can help in something health problems.
Some of that technologes can develop some illnesses.
I think we can use less cars and cycling, by eco food, donot bilt new factoris, do not kill wild animals and save flora and fauna.
It is 25 per cent by rail and 28% by road so number of transportation almost does not change.
It's gives not to much from one phonebut if you lige gull of getjets the number of radiation is really high.
This two diagrams shows transportation of goods between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
As it is evident from the first chart that metals to top out of diagram, this goods the has large procent 35%.
The highest number of transportation by rail was metal and it reached 35 percent while metal transported by road was about 11%.
Manufactured good was approximately the same number of transportation - by rail it has about 25% in the same time by road it has 28%.
Also if we look at 2 of them, we'll understand that one part of all amount of goods is nearly the same, it is manufactured goods.
However, solution of this problems has got.
There are lots of ways which can help you reduce this troubles.
We can see that metals and manufactures goods had the biggest persentage, and this goods transported by rail.
The highest amount of goods that transported by road were food products and manufactured goods.
It is commonely belived that the widesperead use of new technology influence on people's health and make an amount of health problems bigger.
And we cannot be soure that all of this gadjes were chak well.
The amount of people that have this desise is gradualy raise by last years.
Some of this problems are very serious, some of them can be easily reduced.
Moreover, junk, which all people and many different factories have, damage oceans, rivers, forests, and it is cause, why many people have many king of problem with their health, and, also, many organisms and animals died.
In stark contrast, machinery transported by rail consist 12%, but this amount of food products (11%) in comparison with the same position in the second chart (30%) is lower.
Modern people (not all of them of course) have not enough time even to go for a wail and to do some sports.
The given pie charts provide the information about the amount of goods transported between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
Also, the same percentage between chemicals and food production is 11% that is the same with percentage of amount of metals was transported by road.
Many if us have medcine from it.
The less number of transportation by rail is non-metallic minerals.
The less number of transportation by rail is 11 percent of non-metallic minerals and the less number for second chart is 2 percent of machinery.
At first in the modern society we spend a lot of our time with some technology devices.
Many difficult thing can be done with a computer or a mobile phone.
Modern human doesn't had much physical activities to reduce his problems and it causes to problems with human's health.
The humanity already started the fight with this problems and the main point is not to stop.
Sometimes it causing you headache, stress and a lot of attention sometimes focused not on work but on spending time with your device.
It can be seen in chart which shows an information about goods transported by rail that the metals takes 35 per cents, it is the biggest meaning in this datas.
Nowadays the majority of people think that the widespred use modern technology is causing an increasin number of health problem.
One of this problem is that many people lose their good vision, because the use TV, phones, laptops, all of that technologies are important to vision of people.
We can see big difference between the amount of some goods.
In comparison we can see that manufactured goods and food products are two mainly transported good by road.
By the way, the amount of manufactured goods are the approximately the same.
The problem is that nobody even think about the consisting of this vapes.
In conclusion I would like to say that the problem of our world, our decade and new technologies consist of the fact, that people buy all this new things and start to use them like absolutely crazy men.
We have enormous amount of possibilities thankful to them.
While quantity of manufactured goods is almost the same on railroads as it is on roads, 25 and 28 percent respectively, road transport carries almost thrice as much food products.
For example, I spend a lot of time sitting in my chair before my computers screen playing games or doing my work.
They cannot produce enough food to their own population, but they have another resourses, that they can sell on the world market and for his money have able to buy the foods.
And maybe, if the pirate copies problem will be solved one day, all this famous people could lose a lot of their truly fans.
They takes films from the internet, make copies and then give all that 'pirate materials' to another people.
Yes, you can find the students version of this program for 3 years, but if you are not a student and you are designer or you are another worker in this program - you have to choose, you must to choose - buy this program for a lot of money or download it from Net for free.
So, we have a graph showing us unemployment rate n several world's regions.
The following paragraphs will these problem.
Musicians and film producers lose a lot of money for their projects every year.
Asia doubtless lower than in the worldwide almost twice as number of unemployment in this coutries reminded stable at 2014 and 2015.
In this countries difference unemployment rate fluctuated around 2-3 percent 2014-2015 years.
Producing compact discs and digital video disks brings criminal dealer a lot of money.
Students in creative universities have to watch a lot of films and listen to a lot of music.
This job takes a lot of time, energy, emotions.
For instance, one film producer spend a lot of money and power for making film, however, people download it and do not go to the cinemas, do not pay for original discs.
In conclusion I want to say that all this points of view can be right.
Generally speaking, the highest number of unemployment rate was in N.
High number of unemployment rate was in Middle East (11%) in 2015, but decrease to 9,6% in 2015.
The number of unemployment rate in Middle East was bigger than in EU in 2014 and it didn't change in 2015.
In my opinion, they spend a lot of money on films or music, what are not good.
On the other hand, we have people, who don't have enough money to pay for films.
I believe that there will be found a solution of these problem to make producers not to lose their money because of pirate-copies-thief and for art-lover not to break the law.
These chart below gives us information about changes in the unemployment rate in some regions during two years in 2014 and 2015.
Africa, and that's why we can say, that this regions balance each other.
It is a well-known fact that musicians and film producers lose a lot of money every year from illegal pirate copies, There are a lot of argues on this theme.
Some people think, that those who copy and those music and films on the internet should be punished.
The main reason is that they be might no have enough money to make a new product if they didn't get enough from the recent.
They think that all of this products must be free for all people.
Without enough amount of money companies can't make good quality product and sometimes they works become worse and not interesting more.
What is more, it is seen, that the amount of transported chemicals are also close as manufactured goods.
This waves are the reason of heart desieses.
The cous of it is that we haven't need to spend a lot of money for movies, music.
Percent of unemployment rate of this regions has fallen.
They investate capital and time, but today less and less people buy disks with favourite group and DVD because of Internet where is possible to download everything you want and you do not need even to go out of your flat.
From one point of view, art people can protect their author rights, because they involve a lot of power and time creating masterpieces, from which depends their financial status.
Asia and Worldwide had 12,5%, 3,9% and 5,9% respectively in this two years; and the unemployment rate in EU was 7,5% in 2014 and 7,9% in 2015.
So I think that it's nor very well, but it's true a way for this people.
And often a lot of money comes to the cassa, and they a piese of this money go to the authors of this films.
But not so many people think about how much money musicians and film producers lose because of illegal sowrces of their product.
Their position is clear, because of course people who create all these things got nothing for lots of time, money and talent they needed to create that or another song or film, which is not really honest.
Also illegal copies bring lots of money to their owners, who in fact do nothing but copying the material created by others, so film producers and musicians have to deal with money problems connected with their art; whereas other people who don't work as much as they are and just cell their works become very rich.
In countries of Latin America the number of unemployment fell too.
Nowadays pirate copies make musicians and film producers lose a lot of money.
Of course if pirate sistem doesn't exist they can earn much morebut I consider that they have enough money.
In Middle East in 2014 the percent of unemployment rate was on several percent higher, than in 2015.
In Latin America the number of unemployment rate has fell from 6,8 to 5,8 during the period from 2014 till 2015.
Some people claim that musicians and film producers lose a lot of their money because of pirating, and so people who download illegal files, instead of paying money for original product, should be punished.
If the famous musician loses some money because of illegal copying, she or he still makes a lot of money and stay as popular as she or he was, where smaller artists, so called indimusicians, don't earn much money and pirating makes their income so low, that eventually they are forced to quit the career.
The middle point take EU; Latin America and other world regions (worldwide) and there's no a lot of difference of their %'s in 2014 and 2015.
The situation in this areas is stucked, so we don't know is there kind of tendance or it just of in case of the stability of social levels and politics in this areas.
This is realy hard work, that need lots of time, money and health to make really good stuff.
However, I think that not all of films and music cos their money, because now people that make movies or music think that they can do some junk-movie or junk-music, just to make a lot of money, and it's not quite good, because they are not artists; they just want your money, not respect.
But if we will pay all time when we are doing this normal things the cultural life becomes just for rich part of the world.
If we will think on that side, then somebody still and share the film on the internet it is not a problem, because all people can see and the creator does not lose lots of money.
The number of 12,5% is the same for both 2014 and 2015.
So, government should pay a lot of attention to promote spreading of legal copies.
Son Tung MTP, for instance, who bazowec the style of many Korean boybands to attract more yong fan who do not have enough knowledge about piracy in order to earn fame may get bad image of Vietnamese artists in the eye of international friends.
The table illustrated the number of unemployment between 2014 and 2015 in selected world.
This points stayed stable in this period of time.
People, who produce music and films lose nowadays a lot of money, because of people, who do not buy the original legal copies of discs, but download it from illegal internet web-sites.
Just several month ago they did advertising in songs, to pay for musicians.
Because of it the inventors of music and films lose a lot of money.
On the one hand, I must say that the production of music and films demands big amount of things and human efforts.
For conclure, I want to say that this problems is very big and producers and users must find the compromise that allow to decide important questions.
I totally agree that musicians and producers have been getting a huge amount of lots of money while there piracy flourishing.
Unfortunately, in our country the fight against piracy is not well established or well developed in the comparison with west countries such as EU or North America, In our dauly life we can be witness of many our friend who are occuped with piracy downloading of movies or music.
From my perspective, we have to use soft power point of punishment and get people fined police for that actions that can be beneficial for both for the government and the producers of thus masterpieces.
But many of these stuff we could not get legally or find, so should we use tricks?
Secondly, musicians and actors get a lot of money because they give concerts or producers pat them a lot of money.
For instance, Andry Tarkovskiy grow up in poor family, but he had no enough money to watch movies, that's why he tries to do it without payment.
Bu contrast, the numbers of unemployment of worldwide were 5,9 for whole period of time.
The amount of people who weren't busy were decreased from 6,8% to 5,8 percent.
Moreover, our Internet provides a lot of possibility to watch films of listen music in the cheapest way or for free.
There are a huge amount of people who cannot satisfy their needs or make themselves happy.
In my opinion, these theft cannot be compared to crime life violeness or killers.
These way, of course, is the most easy and comfortable.
Imagine that you did a great job and in the end you did not receive suffycient payment for these work.
Moreover, Latin America and Worldwide are at the middle of this chart, it has no much differences between them.
All musicians and film producers are suffered from pirates, who copies and shares those product by free.
However, difference between minimal indicators in this countries much more.
In this two graphs on x-axis have all month of years, on the y-axis have a temperature.
The product such fruits and vegetables will limit by having only one minerals and vitamins.
For instance, thee pomodoro of the south country will have one minerals and vitamins.
The similarity of this two graphs is the differences between maximum and minimum in summer time (about 10*C).
Today almost every country produce a lot of food for themselfs and for the export.
After that temperatures fell dtamatically to the maximum of -23*C and minimum of -31*C in November and -32*C with -40*C in December.
I will examine some of this arguments and give my own opinion - should countries share and sell their food to each other or not.
If an import would not exist we possible may not try so much dishes and would not met the other cultures.
This process gives a lot of money to governments of countries that they can spend for improving a quality of life of their population.
And the second, not every country can produce as much products to their own population, Rich countries can help them.
Some country produce a lot of food, some - a little.
On this graphs we can see the average temperature values in two cities.
If country produce enough food for it's own people, the government doesn't need to spend money for growing and upgradeing food production, tnstead of this that money can be saved for solving other problems.
How much money should be spent for producing the food for other countries and how much for educateing (medicine help, etc) contry's own citiesens?
Today nobody has answers on this questions.
This line graphs have many different, in Yakutsk temperature are alvays change from winter to summer and from sumer to winter.
Rio is located in America, they have mountines and ocean, it is mean temperature will not have too much changes as Yakutsk.
This two line graphs illustrates monthly average temperature in Yakutsk (Russia) and Rio de Janeiro (Brazil) from start of this year till the end of year (from January to December).
Every human need a lot of stuff (food, clothes, relax).
All of this items - part of human consumption.
For instance, government can improve roads, build new houses for people or new medical centres, but for these government need money, and it can get it from import food.
People need various food, because from different food you can get more vitamins than from one type of food.
But if countries produce not enough food, then people can dying if many fields would be destroyed.
It ca be really difficult for one country to produce enough food and enough other goods for all population.
They can't produce enough food because of the size of their country.
Watching these people provide us information about lots of process and producing food for population and import with export is one of them.
I am completely disagree with this statement, because nowadays many countries just cannot produce enough food, so they have to import one from other countries.
Finally, the country need to have a very good and developed factories to make deliscious and high-quality food that people will enjoy, This needs a lot of money and it is more expensive than buying food from other countries.
It may call the lack of products because these countries do not produce any food and whole amount of products is imported from other countries.
If countries will try to exchange imported products by produced their people they will lose a lot of money and time.
Secondly, there are some countries, which produce not so many kind of food or does not produce it.
Of course, situation when people eat products that produced on own plantations is good for the costs of this items.
There are many minds for this vies.
Also this method get chance save many money and lifes of own population.
On the other hand, some people say, that in a lot of countries food production is play the main rile in their economics and they can't live without importing this products, because for some reasons (especially this reasons depend on climate and location) governments can't produce other types of products, for example, petrol.
The given chart show the amount of goods transported by road and by rail in Eastern Europe in 2008.
In 2008 food products were leading in an average amount of goods which were transported by road.
Chart two shows that machinery goods takes the least percent of goods transported by road, while this kind of goods was successfully transported by rail - it took 12% of an all amount of goods transported this way.
People also transported the same amount of chemicals between countries, 11% by rail and 16% by road.
Modern technologies include huge amount of different items and definitions, but there is one thing, which has totally changed our live, it is gadgets.
In our everyday life we are connected with a huge amount of technologies which are, on the one hand, make our life easier, but on the other hand, case a lot of problem with our health.
Overall, there is significant difference in structure of this charts.
This essay states some examples of that diseases, explains the reasons of their appearance and give recommendation how to decrease the negative influence of modern technology.
In my opinion, there are a lot of solutions of these problem.
Secondly, people, who spend a lot of time in front of their computers can have some problems with their eyes.
The amount of chemicals and non-metallic minerals took smaller parts virtually just under the quarter of all goods.
It is often argued that the usage of vanguard technologies all over the world is a foremost reason of several illnesses and disorders and the amount of health problems caused by modern technology is only increasing year on year.
Secondly, spending a lot of time in front of computer is followed by problems with eyes.
Apart from that, the number of machinery delivered by rail is sixfold higher than that by road.
There are certain ways that may reduce this problems.
The pie charts illustrate the amount of goods transported by rail and by road in Eastern Europe in 2008.
Approximately one third of all goods transferred by road are food products, while the amount of manufactured goods is lower, at the rate of 28%.
As a result, less people do exercises and sports gaining problems with heart and body.
Consequently, a great deal of people have to use gadgets on a day-to-day basis.
Another incomparison that the charts demonstrate is that the number of machinery moved by rail is significantly bigger than by road - 12% against 2.
The pie charts below demonstrate the amount of transportations for 6 types of goods by two means of transport in the countries of Eastern Europe in 2008.
The results of the recent research made by the "Modern life" proved that people, who spend their both free and wording time outdoors, were more positive and had less problems than the different group, which had to work all day long in the office.
The illustrations depicts the amount of transported goods from countries to countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
It is evident for the amount of people, that spreading of modern technology all over the world may lead to growth in the health problems.
There is an opinion that new technologies are the reason for raising amount of diseases.
Overall, the bulk of railway transportation took metals, while the biggest amount of transportations by road is accounted for food products.
It is common opinion that there is a significant increase in the amount of problems with health which were provoked by expanded using of new technologies.
This essay will firstly discuss the main problems and offer a positive solutions of this issues.
This problems of health can be more or less dangerous.
Also, the amount of metals supplied by the rail is higher than amount of metals delivered by road.
Though this changes might not cause pain, they can result in serious damage to ones organism.
These charts show how much different goods were transported by rail or road in Eastern Europe in 2008.
However, the number of machinery, metals and food products are different.
The main think, people can do to preserve this problems can be only modernizing gadgets to make them safe for people.
Proportion of machinery goods transported by rail it bigger than proportion of these good transported by road.
This assay discuss this belief and some of those health problem.
First of all, there is no doubt that modern people spend a lot of their time near the computer: playing computer games, finding the information for education, working, etc.
The first step for this goal is making it cheaper, because sometimes people who want to do sport cannot do it because they have not enough money.
Further, there should be more special lessons (at school, for example) where students will be tough to live a healthy lifestyle, not to spend a lot of their time using the computer.
On the opposite, amount of food products transported by road is about 3 times larger.
In conclusion it can be said that there were not much differences in percentage of manufactured goods transported by rail and by road.
The pie charts demonstrate the amount of goods in percentage, which was delivered to Eastern Europe by different transport in 2008.
The share of metals and machinery, delivered by trains was significantly larger, than amount of these goods transported by road.
The amount of other goods was supplied practically in equal shares.
People of different age have to spent a lot of time in front of the computers or iPhones.
All this possibilities cause the lack of moving.
Chemicals have similar tendency: the proportion of chemicals delivered by rail is 11% and it is 16% of chemicals in the whole amount of products transported by road.
It is harmful to their health because they have less reasons to get up from their beds and do something.
The amount of manufactured goods for both ways of transportation is around quarter of all.
In contrast, machinery has six time many n percentage for railway transportation.
People forget about activities, sport and benefit of fresh air and spend a lot of time on the sofa behind the TV and computers.
Many people say that the widespread use of modern technology is causing an increasing number of health problem.
Many years ago people didn't use a lot of subject, for example, TV or phone, and they didn't have many problem with their health.
Also, a lot of modern computer game for children are wild, because when children gone it, they forget simple, they don't remember about their life, their family, their friends and they become very nervous and angry.
In future we must used a lot of time our phones, TV, netbooks, and we will not have many problems with their health, I hope.
The pie charts demonstrate the comparison between the amount of goods, transported by rail and by road in Eastern Europe in 2008.
The noticeable difference of 7% can be mentioned in the amount of non-metallic minerals.
We can say that USA spends a lot of money on printing and making ebooks, more than other three countries.
The forecast says that total amount of books will not change by the year 2018, but the number of printed books will fall down.
However, the number of e-books will grow, but not so much as in the USA.
Music, books and films are considered as an intellectual property and it is quite uderstandable because artists are getting paid for composing, painting and film making only if their products sell, and if they do not have enough money for their living and creating they will just get another job, and this is why the law of intellectual property exists.
As can be seen from the graph during this year number of desktop users reduced for about 20 millions of users whereas the number of mobile users almost doubled during this period reaching almost 100 millions of users in 2013.
For example in some Scandinavian countries prisoners have ability to reduse their time in prison by reading some books and then passing a tests about knowledge of this books.
In conclusion we can state, that illegal drugs are absolutely un acceptable in professional sport, and athlets caught using this drugs should be banned, but the period of their bann should depends on the situation.
However, in 2018 this index is only 7,5 billions US dollars.
Radiation influences a lot of health maintainance.
There are a lot of modern technology wich help to stay healthy.
Some people believe that sportsmen that were caught cheating once would continue to use steroids and other means of increasing their physical possibilities even after few year of disqualification.
First places at professional competitions bring loads of money, and that is the reason why athlets continue to commit crimes.
While a total amount of money engaged in the market is stable namely 6 billions both for 2014 and 2018, it is still just a bit smaller than a total sum of fundings in the market in other three countries.
5 billions to 8.
It will take a lot of time to find another working field and improve some skills.
In USA and Germany the amount of eBooks rockets and multiplies by 1.
On the one hand, it is easier to refuse athletes to participate in any sort of professional competitions for the rest of their lives, because there is no need to focus on the details of the each case and the amount of illegal drugs, which were used.
The growing of e-Book part will pass in different ways in this countries, while the market of USA will grow significantly (from 5,5 to 8,5) the Germany's one will gain 0,6 only.
Taking everything into considaration, we can say that there are some advantages and disadvantages of this two measures of antidopping companies.
Secondly, many people believe that the use of illegal medicines by sportmen is a consequence of their great wish to be the first on competition, even if they don't have a lot of force and professional qualities.
Due to this thoughts a part of society think that sportmen, who use illegal drugs can't take part in competitions anymore.
The leader of chart is the USA in 2014 the sales of printed books was 10,5 billions US dollars and e-Book was 5,5 billions.
The second was Germany with 6 billions and 1 billion in 2014 years and the last was the UK.
The sales consisted 2,6 billions print books and 1,8 billions eBook in the 2014th year.
It will rise on 3 billions, but in Germany, China and the UK the situation will change almost the same about 50 percent.
They makes this athletes to choose drugs.
The biggest change will take place in Germany where the total amount of spent money will increase on 0,5 billions.
In Germany a rise was 0,5 billions, in China - also 0,5 and in the UK 5 billionsand it is the highest level.
Regarding the details, the amount of money spent on print books were 10,5 billions US dollars in the USA, 6 billions US dollars in Germany, 4,8 Billions US dollars in China and 2,6 in the UK in 2014.
However, that of eBooks was 5,5 Billions US dollars, 1 billion US dollars, 0,5 billions US dollars and 1,8 billions US dollars (in the USA; Germany, China and the UK respectively).
Looking closer at the details, it can be seen that in 2014 the revenues of the USA's print market in 2014 were 10,5 billions US Dollars, but in 2018 they would be only 7,5 billions.
The problem of the use of illegal drugs in sport elicit a lot of controversy.
The goverment pays a lot of money to winners.
One people think, that athlets should be banned from competing for a over 2 years or more.
Moreover, come people claim that the drugs found in some sportsmens blood are not drugs, but just medications, which are necessary for those athlets health.
If in the US the number of print book will hit the number of 7,5 bln USD in 2018 with 3 bln USD decrease from 2014 numbers, it will be still the biggest market.
Moreover, for 2014 UK seems to be the country with the less developed book marketNowadays the issue of illegal drug usage in professional sport elicts a lot of controversy.
For instance, if an athlete has already been accused of taking illegal drugs before or if he takes part in some extremelly famous world competition and breaks this ground rules, the punishment might be heavier.
Nowadays many children have to use glasses due to the fact that spend a lot of time in the front of the different monitors.
In predictions, this two markets will be almost equal - 7,5 and 8,5 billion dollars for each.
Nowadays the amount of illegal drugs in the sphere of sport grows every day and people have different opinions on this problem.
We observe a rising trend in all the countries given, however, the number of money spent on the development of eBook market in 2018 is much lower than on traditional printmarket.
6 to 2 billion of dollars)Nevertheless, for Germany and China the pattern appeares to be slightly different.
The issue of using illegal drugs in sport elicts a lot of controversy nowadays.
These diagrams compare the amount of goods transported by rail and by road between Eastern Europe countries in 2008.
Overall, from pie-charts it is clearly seen that the amount of food products, transported by road is much higher than by rail; manufactured goods and chemicals follow the similar trends; but machinery has a great difference in transportation.
Firstly, it can be seen, that the amount of food products, transported by road was doubled, in comparison with products, transported by rail.
This trend of equality concerned chemicals too, with numbers of 11% and 16% respectively.
They can cause some health problems, because people spend a lot of time on them.
Also, parents should spend a lot of time with children and go together to picnics, for example.
In conclusion, this essays agrees, that modern technology is not good for people's health, but there are some methods that can help to reduce health diseases.
The amount of chemicals transported by road makes up 16%, that is 5% bigger, than in case of rail transportation.
Also there are huge amount of chemicals and non-metallic minerals (16 and 13%), and metals are only 11% and machinery is only about 2%.
But many people wonder whether it is safe for our health to use so much technologies every day, and it is thought by some people that using modern technologies causes huge amount of health problems, and in this essay I will try to It is common knowledge that computers are unsubstitutional in work and everyday life nowadays.
Our eyes are overloaded by the number of received information.
To reduce this problems, people should, first of all, to start to take care of their health.
This results in many people getting over weight and this problem affects the whole wellbeing of human organism.
The pie charts shows the amount of goods transported by rail and by road in the east of Europe in 2008.
To begin with, new technologies are created for making life easier, so people do less activities and the consequence is problem with weight (overweight).
The given pie-charts represent the amount of materials and products delievered by rail or road in Eastern Europe in 2008.
Nowadays a lot of people believe that the highly growing amount of health diseases as caused by using modern technologies all over the world.
Further more, the amount of manufactured goods and chemicals which are carried by trains and cars are virtually the same, ranging from 36% to 44% in total.
The diagram illustrated amount of transported goods between Eastern European countries in 2008.
As it can be seen from the pie chart, in 2008 approximately the equal amount of manufactured goods was transported by road and by rail (28% and 25%).
Some people believe that the huge popularity of modern technology is the reason of increasing amount of health problems.
Moreover, adult people need to do some sports, at least some excercises.
However, there are not that much examples of such things happening, but the possibility still exists.
This charts have both similarities and differences.
That is to say, people use this devices everywhere - in order to work, teach at school, plan their free time.
This situation causes the passive style of life as the amount of movements that have to be done by people reduced greatly.
First, it is better to control the number of time, spending in front of the devices, so that the eyes can get relaxed and renew.
The pie charts demonstate the amount of different goods transported by rail and by road between countries in Eastern Europe in 2008.
However, there is a huge difference between the amount of metals and food products.
In addiction, children these day spend much more time playing computer gamer rather than outdoor ones.
Sports these day are developing as well.
For example, many adults teenagers spare a lot of time in front of the screen of the computer.
In addition, many scientist claim that such devices as mobile phones can also influence on our health harmfully and lead to the cancer.
Furthermore, technologies weaken our organism and as a result the huge amount of harmful substances reach our organism and deliver a lot of illnesses and microbes.
These wide range of problems can be decreased by human efforts.
In conclusion, wide range of technologies induces the big amount of human illnesses.
This pie charts illustrate the information of goods between countries in Eastern Europ in 2008.
Food product's 11%, and 11% Chemicals transported by railNow a lot of people say that the widespread use of modern technology is causing an increasing number of health problem.
There are several improvement in life due to the positive effects of technology and there are some negative impacts as well.
There are a lot of difference in the structure of transportation of goods in Eastern Europe in 2008.
Moreover, a lot of people spend with TV a lot of time.
For example, to have a one TV in the house instead of a four, do not spent a lot of time with computer games and to sit in the front of TV in the whole day.
Overall, the amount of goods delivered by rail differs from those, that were delivered by road.
Firstly, especially young people tend to pass a lot of their time in front of computers playing online games, communicating with friends or simply watching videos and listening to music.
The pie charts show the amount of goods transported by rail and by road in Eastern Europe in 2008.
It means that there are less callories spent and there is less blood cerculation.
In the contrast, in Germany producing of this books remains stable (6 billion US dollars in 2014 and 6 billion in 2018).
We know that athletes has a lot of risk in their job.
There is no doubt that in this situation sportsmen cannot be banned for the rest of their lives.
There is no doubt that using a lot of modern technology in our daily routing can lead to irreversible consequences such as problems with healths.
One of the most striking feature of this problem is that due to modern technologies our life became conviniet: many people cannot reject these items even if gadjet are harmful because as without them they will spend a lot of time for their duties, for a example.
From this facts, one may cloced that it is very hard to avoid it, since the life is go on.
The number of increase in China and Germany will be similar - nearly 0,5 billion US dollars while the USA will demonstrate much more rapidly raising - from 5,5 to 8,5 billion US dollars.
The diagram illustrates information about the number of print and eBook sold in USA, Germany, China and UK in 2014 and makes a prediction for situation in the book market in this countries in 2018.
In 2014 the amount of sold print books in all countries was always higher then the number of sold eBook.
USA is absolute leader with the largest amount of billion dollars spent in the book market in 2014 as well as in 2018.
Personally I think that all this arguments are fair.
To begin with, sells of printed book in the USA were at the top (10,5 billions) in the 2014, whereas they will rapid decrease to the 7,5 billions in the 2018.
The same situation is in China, and in the UK, however, the market will decline slowly between 2014 and 2018 from 4,8 to 4,2 billions and from 2,6 to 2 billions respectively.
Moreover, the sells in Germany was 6 billions in 2014 will be equal in 2018.
Furthermore, eBook market in the USA was 5,5 billions in 2014 and will soar to 8,5 billions in 2018.
There will be an increase in these three countries: In Germany the sells will rise from 1 billion to 1,5 billions in China they will increase from 0,5 to 1 billion and in the UK there will be a growing from 1,8 to 2,3 billions in 2018.
First of all, the most significant point is that the greatest amount of books of any type is produced in the USA.
Somebody argues, that sportsmen who use this medicines should be punished by disqualification for a some period (half a year, for instance).
Other says, that there is only one justies: ban this athlet in professional sport permamently.
I am strongly disagree with these point of view, because there is no garantee in this situation that athletes will not be cheating in future.
First of all, it is vital to realise that 'doping' includes not only steroids but also some medical drugs that several sport organisation write in the documents like 'adomdomned drugs'.
For instance, great amount of Russian athletes suffered from WADA's zotoctions, because WADA decided to include meldonium into illegal medicaments.
On the other way, the competition risks to become the race of 'the one sportsmen'.
In my opinion, the main solve of this problems is that only teaching children and our new generation that modern technology should be use limitedly and not everywhere will help to reduce the problems with health.
In fact, the vast majority of people assume, that illegitimate using drugs in the sport sphere should be panished by banning sportmen for a several period of time, despite others being strongly believe, that athlets should be banned for the rest of their life for their serious commitment and crime.
Both of view should not be underestimated and must be examined very carefully.
Otherwise, a considerable amount of athletes, should not be participated on the international competitions and introduced the glory of their own countries.
Firstly, it must be mentioned that in 2014 the numbers of print was the biggest in all 4 countries, although the USA show the highest among all (10,5 billion dollars).
This issue elicits a lot of controvercy because some people argue for exclusion of caught athletes for a limited period whereas other people are certain that these sportsmen should be excluded for the rest of their life.
If we look at the amount of sold printed books and eBooks by the year of 2014, we can see that most of them were bought in the USA, because the figure of money for printed books is 10,5 billions US dollars and the figure of money for eBooks is 5,5 billons US dollars.
The figure of money, which will be reached by selling printed and eBooks in this country, is around 16 billions US dollars.
This fact can be caused by the reason that people in the US will buy nearly equal amount of printed books and eBooks.
They are from 9 to 12 billions US dollars in this year.
One people consider, that athlets who used illigal drugs should not be punished very strictly.
Achieving high results demands a lot of hardwork, concentration and pain.
Therefore, the banning of one athletes for the rest of his or her life without the investigation of the whole system would be quite cruel because his or her actions could have been made due to external influence but not only athlete's internal problems.
Regarding Chinese market, it's revenue from saling was 4,8 billions in 2014 and is predicted to fluctuate unsignificantly to 4,2 in 2018.
The highest number of sold book is fixed based on american material.
Firstly, the production of print books decreased from 10,5 to 7,5 billions dollars.
It rocketed from 5,5 billions to 8,5 billions.
The consumption of print book production will reach 4,2 billions in 2018 in comarison with 4,8 billions in 2014.
The quantity of print book go down from 2,6 billions to 2 billions and the number of eBook production gradually reached the 2,3 billions in 2018 from the 1,8 billions in 2014.
The cituation with print sales in 2014 and a forecast for 2018 will be various for these four country.
The bar chart illustrates the amount of printed and electronic books produced in four countries in 2014 and a forecast of it's amount in 2018.
According to that fact, two points of view appeard: one people believe that it is right to ban such athletes from competing for a limited period, while others insist on banning them for the rest of their lives.
HowEver, number of eBook and print market also big in Germany.
In China we can see less number of market and in the UK this number the smallest between all country in 2014 and 2018.
In USA's graph we see that number of eBook market increas in 2018 on 3,5% comparasion with 2014 and number of print market desceased on 3% in 2018.
In Germany number of print market stay the same in 2018 as in 2014 but number of eBook market small increas in 2018.
In China number of print fall in 2018 on 0,6% but number of E book increase on 0,5%.
Also number of Ebook market rise on 0,5%.
Finally we can see that in all four countries number of eBook market rise in 2018 and number of print market will fall in 2018.
However Germany is stay at the some number of print market.
Others think that this sportsmen must be excluded from sport for the all live.
It's million dollars and many time.
So one of type of help to this people is a chance to take part in competitions.
The issue concerning the use of drugs which are prohibited among the sportsmen elicits a lot of controversy today.
Overall amount of print books sold in three of four countries is expected to decrease, while the amount of eBooks sold is going to increase in every case.
The largest scale of money was earned by USA in 2014 on a base of a print market: the country achieved 10,5 billions of dollars.
In 2018 the USA suffered from loosing about 3 billions of dollars in the print market but, despite this, remained a leader of other three countries.
Germany saved the number of billions of dollars received from the print market: the number of earned money - 6 billions of dollars - remained stable both in 2014 and 2018 years.
8 billions of dollars respectively.
2 and 2,6 to 2 respectively, when the USA had the largest number of profit - about 7.
5 billions of dollars.
The issue about the use of medical help in sport always bear a lot of controversy.
In this situation sportsmen should not be banned from the sport for all their life only because of them being nervous, and panicked before and during the competition - such sportsmen are just in need of this help and they should not be blamed for the rest of their life.
Overall, we can notice that the amount of printed books decreased in 2018, only in Germany this indices remained constantly.
To begin with, the amount of illegal drugs has increased over time.
For example, China is country with the highest population, but is doesn't provides numbers of chart be also the greatest.
This data can allow us to notice a common production increase.
On the one hand athlets that using illegal drugs are frauds.
EBook market in that countries is raised for a half of billion US Dollars, For 0,6 billion US Dollars the print book market of UK and China is dropped, while the situation in print book market in Germany isn't changed and outcome is print in 2014 and in 2018 is six billion US Dollars.
Also, they that competition must be honest and all sportsmen should know rules and achieve their results and aim in honest competion, so using illegal drugs, in opinion of that people, is very serious mistake and it is essential for society to bann such athletes for the rest of their lives.
More than that, in modern world people spend a lot of time in front of the computer or TV and this sitting lifestile has a serious impact on people's health including backacke, obesity and phsycological problems.
In conclusion, it should be pointed out that inspite the number of health problems technological progress and growing use of technology has significan advantages.
On the other hand, the smallest market in 2014 was presented by the UK, whose printing production is valued as 2,6 billions and China, where eBook marked was only 0,5 billions.
In Germany different pattern can be seen: there these two markets used to vary significantly, with printing costing 6 billions and eBook market 6 times less.
Overall, due to the forecast for 2018, eBook market is going to become more popular: in the USA it is predicted to grow up to 8,5 billions of annual profit, while in Germany and China it will rise to 0,5 billions and become 1,5 and 1 billions respectively.
And it will take a lot of time to gain an authority again.
On the one hand, Some people believe that athletes caught using this substances should be banned for 2 years.
Every year movie makers, singers and musicians lose a lot of money because of that.
First of all, film and music producers spend a lot of time for making a final product for costumers.
First, there are a lot of people who do not have enough money for buying official films and soundtracks and are unable to buy content on discs and on the internet.
While the main trend on the chart is slight decrease in the amount of unemployed people or even the same rate for mentioned years, there is an exception.
In current times, the huge amount of internet users illegally share the information, including the products of musical and cinema spheres.
First of all, copying and sharing music or films without rights for this actions is equal to theft.
Some people claim that it is like crime and there should be punishment to this actions.
Many people think that those who spread, download and share this media files should be punished.
Particularly, musians, actors or film producers and directors do not have to spend lots of money on the advertisment in the modern world because sharing their works makes a great PR company.
So that, if companies and musicians start to punish people that spread their pieces of art, they will lose lots of money and fans.
First of all, the overwhelming majority of Internet users is students or workers, who spend a lot of time for studing or working.
Additionally, people are eager to try something new, and to try a new ganre of music they schould spend a lot of money, while people can just download files from Internet for free.
Many people download music albums and compositions illegally from the Internet, which provoke many money loses by musicians.
Should society punished this people or not?
In conclusion, we can say, that the illegal downloading is unstoppable proscess, which can't be punished, so musicians must to find other ways to earn money and this ways are existed in modern world.
It is clear that the less we pay, the less artists get.
Second, there are many artists who get a lot of money for their concerts, shows and views of their video-clips on Youtube.
The Worldwide has similar amount of data.
I mean that a really big amount of people and the team of professionals work under the good product.
To start with, I would like to share idea that such kind of people steal money from the vorlets of film producers, and musicians, and singers who gave a lot of money and their own power and inspiration to make their products of art.
Except this resources producers have to invest some of their money to create a new product.
To my mind, it's not honest, that people do not appreciate the work of that people and use illegal materials from the Internet.
The horisontal axis shows this locations: N.
Therefore, the culture industry as one of these spheres has also changed a lot, and one of this changes is the opportunity to buy and download music, films on the Internet, which leaded to the proliferation of illegal downloading.
Thus, some says that copying and sharing music or films on the Internet for free is illegal and people should be punished for that actions but other people claim that it has already become a part of ours life and Internet will never solve the problem of pirating.
There is no method of finding the person who download that illega pirate copy and I am sure that it will not appear soon, because of the great amount of people who do this.
Moreover, there are a big amount of examples which illustrate us that companies adopted to the pirating on the Internet and this strutures make a lot of profit from that.
On the one hand, the main aim of musicians and film directors is to show their products for the large amount of people.
It they share such art object with people who do not have enough mony for free they should be punished in a not strict way or should not obtain any sanctions at all.
To look at the informations in more detail, we can see that such countries as North Africa and South Asia do not demonstrate changes in the amount of unemployment's people, their level stay still throught the age.
For example, they also sale some clothes or other merchandizing products with musical groups or singers' images on it which can help to take a lot of money from buying these items.
Companies spend a lot of money on producing cultural goods such as movies, music and similar supplements.
Making a quality products demands huge amount of resours as well as money and time.
The given bar chart compares and contrasts data on the changes in amount of people without job in 6 world areas over two-years period from 2014 to 2015.
While trying to find a solution, some would claim that such illegal activity should be severely punished and restricted, when others would insist that a situation can be radically changed by the industry adopting to this new conditions.
First of all, the process of creating music tracks and films is quite complicated and it requires a large amount of resources, both human and material.
The amount of people with no working place also has not went up or down in South Asia, staying at 3,9%, that, in contrast to the previous region, is less than the worldwide rating.
Meanwhile, amount of unemployies in the EU gradually peaked from 7,5% to 7,9% making it the only region with such tendency.
9% in the amount of jobless citizens.
Some people argue that musicians and movie-makers lose loads of money annually due to illegal downloading.
As it is shown on the chart, the greatest amount of unemployment people are in Northern Africa.
But there are a great amount of examples of copying films and producer's creatings by the dishonest people with future promotion of it.
There are several norms and laws, which are implemented in cinemas to reduce the amount of pirate copies, for example, viewers should enter the cinema without video-gadgets.
For example, there are a great amount of pirate shops in Russia, where they sell downloaded versions of films/music on "origin-view" discs and take a prise for them close to the producers'.
In contrast, Middle East and Latin America saw changes in the amount of working people: the Middle East unemployment rate fall from 11% to 9,6% while in Latin America there was 1% drop to 5,8%.
What is more, loads of money are lost every year by musicians and film producers because of thefts.
Firstly, we do not steal the music or films because real creators of it do not get a lot of money for it.
When it comes to the countries where the amount of people without a job stayed the same, it can be seen that Northern African countries suffer more from unemployed comparing to Southern Asia states, with the rate being 12,5 percent in the former case and 3,9 percent in the latter one.
The amount of cultural products on the market, namely music and films, is steadily growing which makes it crucial to control the means of their distribution.
In the future, if the trend of pirate copying continues to grow, there will be less cultural goods produced by independent film-makers or songwriters.
Although the amount of crimes has also been broading for the last decades in case of that progress.
To begin with, some humans do not have enough money to buy legal copies.
5 years later the difference started to become less and 10 years later in 1990 income difference in germany was only 10 percent.
As for me, it is nice to have one or two unusually looking buildings in your local area.
As it can be seen from the graph, the most significant difference in earnings took place in Japan with the highest number of 40% in 1980, insignificant rise in 1985 and dramatic fall to 35% and 30% in 1990 and 1995 respectively.
In Germany the peak was noticed in 1980 (about 23%), then the figures gradually fell from about 19% in 1985 to 13% in 1990 and reached the number of 11% in 1995.
It can be clearly seen that in general Germany is the country where the percentage number of the wage gap between two sexes is the least salient (fluctuated between 10% and 23%), whereas that of Japan is the highest (from 30% to 40%).
Architects have to account for a great amount of details when working on their projects: from making their creation simply usable for people, to placing it in an environment in such a way where it would be beautful and organic with it's surroundings.
This means that democracy is developing and giving people of both sexes the same amount of rights and opportunities.
If we consider the information from this graph and the fact that wage gap is real true, we can conclude that even though a lot of work has to be done still to make the difference in pay perish, the whole situation improves over the time.
A huge amount of people do not like it.
But, unfortunately, as much as they trying to impress people as much ordinary citizens get wonderful empry boxes, where there cannot to do their ordinary things.
The people's need to have their own flats and the speed of building those so-called Khrushevkas did now permit the architects to make great and beautiful projects, so now we can admit grey depressing box-shape condominiums.
But sometimes this kind of building is used simply to gain more money from less work, because even though those buildings do not require a lot of time and resources to be produced and built, a flat in one of faceless buildings costs a lot of money.
People by nature seek for beauty, that is why products of architects' work should meet this humans' need and look fascinating.
Some people think that serving its purpose is more important for a building than its appearance and that architects, those job is to make buildings beautiful,should not try hard to do so.
More than that, many people work in tourist industry, and beautiful buildings, which are all over the world, make them a lot of profit.
We admire, because this buildings serve its purpose for years.
I think it's because they use a lot of time and money, and they try to do a good building which will serve for a long time.
Another important point is that some catastrophies are not caused by human beings but still may inflict a lot of damage on any country and cause fatalities.
Taking all into consideration, it is often impossible to deal with a global catastrophy for one single governments.
As it observed from the graph, in 1970 the number of energy from fossil fuels peaked at 35% in India and 60% in China.
In 2015 India reached more then 70% of energy and the number of China"s energy peaked at more then 90%.
The number of energy from fossil in Sweden decreased by 80% in 2015.
It is is imagined like huge amount of grey buildings with same shapes, high and looks.
In order to make their work better, the creators spend a lot of time to construct the building, look for financial support to create the perfect building.
The problem is that this monuments look like dimonds among the boxes.
Since those times when humankind was able to build their houses and shelters, people was tend to not only make their house as a good defence from weather, wild animals and strange tribes, but also they tried to make each of a fimily's house different from the others.
In 1970 these countries had 82%, 90% and 95% each, however, in 2015 Sweden and France reached the number of 25% and 48% each.
United States line almost was not changing in this 45 years - it only decreased from 100 to approximately 85 procent.
There are enough typical building in Moscow which are remains of Soviet times.
There is nothing surprising in this case that this areas with hundreds of similar buildg considered to be the most depressive.
In addition, the whole amount of city buildings produce its special spirit, and it is very important for it to feel comfortable and attractive both for citizens and tourists.
In contrast, if not everyone, but may be one out of five houses would have, for example, bright color of their wall, people would become more happy and optimistic.
The absolute maximume in the energy percentage has China that increased the amount of fuels from 60 % to approximately 87 % over 45 years.
It is clear from the graph that China, United States and India are leaders for 2015 in that indicators - they three are above 70%.
It also flacturated until 2015 with less than 30% of energy - the minimum of this statistics.
Here we can see five lines which shows us how did the persentage changed in this 45 years.
Three countries decrease dramatically for this 45 years.
United States lost not so many persent as the previous two countries.
I think that architects should care about their works as if they will live in this houses or near statue.
Today, we can find a lot of international organization conecting with nature protection.
On the opposite, Arts courses seem to be more interesting for old people - it is quite big number of 45% that consists of 40+.
It means that people with whom we spend a lot of time, to whom we believe (in other words, our friends) will form our habits, points of view, etical and aesthetical position.
First one is that a family is the most important factor of this procces, second one is that it is enviroment that influences it the most.
People who named the family influence to each other every day and it is very important to the small child, because he or she has not another factors of changing and this factors may do not changing for years.
The teachers in school change the child's type of thinking because they make him to do exersices those have only the one or two right answers.
All of this factors change the child, make him to grow up.
So,I do not think that this two powers of influence child's development have differents proportion in our life.
In conclusion, it is correct to say that both the world and the family influence a child's life, and it is difficult to imagine a well-balanced development without any of these part.
The parts of students from 26 to 40 years old are almost equal between science cources and arts cources, however an amount of students attending sports and health cources deviates noticeably from them and appears to be 62% Talking about the last age group, arts cources are best attended, when the share of others is no more tan 23%.
Overall we can see two groups with significantly less participants.
The absolute record is the number of sport and health student in the age group 26-40.
The more older are the members the fewer part they take of the total number of this course members.
This round diagrams demonstrate persentage of age groups taking different courses by UK college in 2012.
These charts show us that the biggest amount of studens wisiting Science courses and Sports and Health courses the least.
Arts courses visiting about the same amount of 18-25 year olds (30%) and 26-40 year olds (25%).
The amount of all the workers remains the same in Australia and Indonesia.
In 1995 the amount of overweight children bocame equal and was 16 per cent.
By 2005 there was a dramatical growth of overweight children and the amount of boys became bigger than the number of girls (25 and 22 relatively).
But it also demonstrates that the whole amount of children, who practiced different kinds of sport, increased by 2005.
Woman in Australia worked mostly in services sector(88%),only the tenth worked in Industry(11%) and the lowest average between this two countries is the 1% of woman in Australia,who worked in agricultural sphere.
In fast-moving word it is really hard to deny the necessity of having a lot of money.
It is all about the feelings:when you spend your daily evenings with your family and friends,fall in love,get married or have a child-for all this things you do not have to pay money,only emotions.
I honesly do not see the impact of having a lot of free time,because in that case you will not appreciate that you have,it will be just your daily routine.
I suggest that money are very important in our life, of course, we spend a lot of time to earn money, and we have not got free time to spend them.
Most people prefer to earn money and do not have a lot of free time, while others do not want to spend their life only working.
I believe that people who work a lot will earn enough money.
The rpesented tables reveal data about the amount of workers, devided by the gender aspect, in three various spheares in Indonesia and Australia in 2010.
On the other hansd, Services sphere have the largest amount of workers, 65 per cent for males and 88 for females.
Firstly, putting aside enough time for relaxation will increase productivity.
To sum up, the variant of devoting spare time to high wage has many agrument in favour as well as the opinion of having more free time than more money.
Personally I believe that a worker should spend enough time for both career and rest, so that he will not be gross and unhappy and have good career perspectives at the same time.
Moreover, it is much more beneficial for the human's health to work less, as relaxation leads to better quality of sleep, fewer amount of stress-related diseases and, in some cases, more active lifestyle, etc.
For instanse, an average office worker consumes a lot of cofee and fast food, sits the most part of the day and has problems with sleep.
But having to said that it still important to work,becouse everyone wants to earn enough money and let themselves everything what they need.
On the one hand, some people believe, that it is better to earn more money and less leisure time, whilst others suppose that it is all right to have more leisure time and fewer amount of money.
But this kind of people earn enough money to pay someone for cleaning, and this person can afford him self to have holidays somewhere abroad, to have good private car and his own appartments, and to wear clothes of famouse brends.
Leading this sort of life can lead to mental breakes, because they have no support and have no enough rest, so one day they will understand that they are unhappy.
Two tables show us an amount of male and female workers in three different employment spheres in 2010 in two places - Indonesia and Australia .
If we talk about comparison of these two tables we can mention that a big amount of people worked in service.
Nowadays a big amount of people want to earn more money and have not so much free time.
Other people want to have a lot of free time and not so much money.
My opinion is that it is more convinient to earn not so much money and to have a lot of free time.
Secondly,a big majority of people has a child and parents should educate them and take care of them, and if people try to earn more money - they will not have enough time even for walking with their children and they will communicate more with their friends and relatives, rather than their own parents.
The following table provides the information about the amount of employers in two different countries in 2010.
What is more, the quantity of male workers in Indonesia is lower than in Australia, so is the amount of men working in services.
Obviously, all of their hard work is worth those money they earn because eventually they are able to visit various countries and have great holidays.
Nowadays, there is a tendency in whilch people prefer working in order to get more money and not having enough time for their leisure activities.
As a consequence of that, they are prone to various disease and problems of health caused by the lack of the time for the rest.
Various research in the sphere of medicine has already proven this conviction.
The trend is the amount of male and female workers in given sectors in both countries.
On the other hand, there is nothing to do if you have a lot of money and no time as in the end the life is not about the money it is about the things you do and people you share expirience with.
Futhermore, if you are working that hard tryig to earn a fortune it may cause a lot of stress so in the end you may end up with no money, no work, mental breakdown and a lot of time wasted.
Firstly, according to the statistic, modern population get a lot of satisfaction from their work, because they could allow everything for themselves.
The reason is that person understand that work hasn't got a huge significance in the life - it is changable but you always should be yourself in various situation.
Money gives you opportunities, hence everybody wants to have enough money.
But they are the happy ones as they have enough time almost for everything and are not under stress because of their 24 hour work.
Thus, discovering this kind of problem, they will fund more in improving it, they will have enough money for providing with jobs all the doctors and even discover some new treatment for diseases.
They can invest these money not only to improve crucial systems such as health care and education, but also to increase the number of places which might be useful for children and families in general such as parks, cinemas, restaurants, sports clubs.
By doing this countries can make improvements in different spheres of life and save a lot of money and resources in order to modify and construct new areas and buildings for people's usage.
Talking about Australia, the great amount of women, 88 percent, worked in services, and more than half, 65 percent of men, worked there too.
Our century is a century of earning money, but there are some people who think that they do not need to be rich and to have a lot of money, but they can have moree free time.
To my mind, It is extremely important to combine the amount of work hours and free time.
While some people claim that they prefer to work more to have enough money than have more free time, other people believe that it is better to have more free time and less money.
These people think that they could earn enough money for their future life if they would work everday without weekends.
As a result, these people do not have enough free time, but they believe that it is a good investigetion for the future.
These people think that it is very important to have enough time to communicate with other people.
Of course, people should work to have enough money to survive, but time is more important than money.
I think that it is really importhat to have enough free time to improve yourself.
For example, people usually want to travell but this enjoyment costs lots of money.
So you should work a lot to earn enough money to visit any interesting place.
Some people prefer enjoying their excistence and paying no attention to the issues of work, career and money and others claim that the term of successful life means gaining loads of money and power.
In conclusion,it should be stressed that both people who want to enjoy their life without spending a lot of time at their work and workaholics could find their happiness in their own preferencees of lifestyle.
Comparing Indonesia with Australia, we can see that the amount of people working in the sector of agriculture is much higher than the amount of people in other sectors.
On the other, setting up an enterprise or being a freelancer allows you having a flexible schedule which means that you can have enough spare time as well as money.
In my opinion, however, a person should find a balance and earn money in a way which will not distract him or her from his dearest and nearest and which will provide him with opportunity to have enough free time for themself.
Working your fingers to the bones and having a lot of money have no value if you do not have any spare time.
There are some reasons for it, for example to earn a lot of money for the opportunity to travel and enjoy life in old ages.
There are so many opportunities to live spending little amount of money and have really enourmous amount of emotions.
To sum up, it is clear that there are logical reasons for hard work, without free time left, but I suppose that having a lot of time for myself and my dreams, instead of work, is better than money.
Every retired hard working person who was rather successful earlier made his own life much more interesting, as an example, my uncle, who used to play in orchestra now, being old, have more free time for his own desires, because have already earned enough money while having less free time.
Besides, when you work and earn not so much, but have a lot of free time, you have more opportunities to develop yourself and possibly create or fund something basing on these knowledge, which may bring even better results.
After that girls' percentage dicrease and start to be lower than boys'.
For instance, in economically develloped countries such as Japane we may see a trend among wokers to spend more time on work place in order to earn enough money for sustanble present and future.
As for me, I prefer lack of time but a lot of money.
Some of them prefer to have a lot of money and spend practically all the time for job, while others prefer to have a lot of free time and less money.
People who have a lot of money are successful in many spheres.
They are more relaxed because they do not need to think about their business and documents, they do not suffer from stress and it is easier for them to maintain the contact with their close people because they have enough time for it.
It means that when people who have enough money can afford family trips or a meet at the restaurant with friends.
Therefore, they have no problem to spent their time with relatives and friends because money provides all this oportunities.
However, in Indonesia the percentage of male workers is bigger than female workers, while in Australia is another trend -- the amount of female workers is higher that male ones.
In contrast, in Australia agriculture obtains the least amount of workers of both genders -- only 3% of men and 1% of women.
From my point of view, there is always a compromise between saving free time and earning a lot of money, if a person is a freelancer, for example.
They would like to achive as much as they could, but sometimes directly these people are suffering from a huge amount of health problems, deadly desises, mental problems etc.
One the one hand, people who work more and earn more are super-heroes, because they spend hours at their work places and earn a lot of money for themselves and their families.
The graph illustrates the amount of people of both sexes who are occupied in three employment sectors that are agriculture, industrial sector and various services.
By saying this I mean that money that are paid to you monthly can be spent on everything that a person may need including physical needs as water and food as well as social needs such as education or various social entertainment.
Therefore, a person faces, for example, health problems as far as he/she is fully into a job and do not have time for enough amount of sleep or visiting doctors in unlike cases.
Nonetheless, a person is still to find a way how to achieve the golden middle: to have enough time for things one loves and earn enough to be happy.
In Indonecia, however, the amount of women in agriculture was 43%, which was much higher than the number of men in the same position(29%).
Some individuals are prone to have a higher salary and less time for their laisure activities, while others enjoy their pastime after job and have less earnings.
What is more, the great amount of people wants to travel.
Travelling requires a lot of money, especially when we talk about remote countries.
To sum up, some people want to have a well-paid job and less free time, while others prefer to have less money and a lot of time for things that they like to do.
I am convinced that having a lot of free time is more important than money because having great and loving relationships with your relatives and friends is priseless.
Overall, this countries have different percentage in male and female workers, probably because of the different economical situation in both.
These chart and table demonstrate the amount of overweight children and the children who worked out on a regular basis in Canada between 1985 and 2005.
Similarly, the amount of physically active boys (that was originally 6% bigger than that of girls) had seen a growth of 30%.
The main striking feature is that in both countries the biggest amount of workers are busy in the sphere of services.
In Australia the amount of female workers outweight the figures of male workers, while in Indonesia services is more preferable for men rather than women.
Nowadays, earning a lot of money has become an important tendency or even just a need.
Earning a lot of money is not so bad, but it can lead to different adverse consequences.
However, having a lot of money is a huge privilege in our modern world.
In my opinion money and a lot of work will not make you happy.
The first table shows amount of workers by gender in Indonesia.
On the one hand, it is normal that in our modern society people want to improve themselves, it takes a lot of time, it a hard work.
It is too problem, that followed by a lot of scream and scandals.
Moreover, the amount of women working in the agriculture sectore is shown to be the least of all employment sectors with just 1 per cent of workers.
There are a lot of research that prove the correlation between overworking and certain physical and mental ilnesses.
All of us want to live without problems and have a lot of money.
They can live enjoying without a lot of money but with their closest people.
Nevertheless, the leisure is still important and the large number of human beings spend a lot of time relaxing.
There is a tendency to work more and this will bring you a lot of money, whereas people could not invest the time in things that they appreciate.
In the table that is dedicated to Indonesia we can clearly see that in the sector of industry the number of male workers is higher than the number of female employee almost in twice.
For example, my brother had a chance to build his career and earn more money, but in that case he would not have enough time to be with his son, so the son was more crucial for him and he had chosen the family instead of money.
Also, if a person acknowledges the fact that he wants to be an artist and he knows that this job will not bring a lot of money, he may choose his favourite work and be happy and free but do not have a great fortune.
On the other hand, many people believes that without money you cannot be a family man because children demand a lot of money.
Moreover, there is a notion, that nowadays all types of fun is pretty expensive and if you have a lot of free time but do not have money, the time is useful.
On the one hand, in our modern world, which is developing in such a rapid way, it is quite important to earn enough money.
Nowadays, it is difficult to do all that things without working mostly all time long.
Because when you spend all your time at work, you have not enough time to live.
Also in my opinion, people who have enough time to live are more happy, because they have time for travelling (maybe they have not so much money for travelling as business man), but they are happy.
From the bar chart we can see that the amount of overweigh boys and girls was growing during all this time.
You try to deal with them and, certainly, there won't be any desire or even enough time to think about people in other countries in your hectic life.
It is good to have enough money to never worry about your restaurant check but at the same time it is wrong to sacrifise your life for money gaining only.
Another trend in this table shows us that in Indonesia the amount of people of both sexes choosing industry was the lowest.
At last, in services the amount of female workers is at a whooping 88 percent, which is double of that in Indonesia.
Moreover, you can spend lots of time selfimproving: developing skills or learning something new.
This tables perfectly illustrate the picture of men and women employment in the regions of Indonesia and Australia in the sectors of agriculture, industry and services in 2010.
In this essay i will try to cover several number of points and discuss both views, explain whether i support the first group of people or the second one.
To begin with, many people tend to turn themselves into workaholic due to the desire of getting more money because they believe that if you have enough money, they will be able to face and resolve any problem.
On the other hand, there are people who are unlikely to waste their time being a simple worker who spends his entire life sitting in the office, the point is that such people really focus their attention on the idea of being happy now without stacks of money.
The most significant feature is the biggest amount of emolyees who worked in services and that they were Australian women.
And the smallest amount of female workes was also in Australia.
However, there were less male workers and more female Indonesian workers whereas the situation was opposite with Australian people.
However, there are people who argue that virce versa having a lot of money cannot be compared to having a lot of freetime.
ANother example is my grandfather who spent his life on tying to earn a lot of money, but he had to miss his sons' graduation from school and universities, he even was late for the most important event in his eleder son's life-his wedding because of a business meeting.
The amount of workers reaches only 4 per cent where male employees are prevalent over the female ones.
Unfortunately, it requires a lot of time to achieve success in a carrer and to get a pleasure in one's free time, in other words, to relax from everyone.
To my mind, this statement doesn't mean that these people don't realise the importance of having enough money, it means that they just can see balance in time and money correlation.
As it was mentioned before, there are some people, whose prior goal is to make a lot of money working hard and not to waste their time chilling and hanging out.
The graph below indicates the corelation between how much activity boys and girls did with the number of overweight boys and girls between 1985 and 2005.
A good example of this is the war in Syria, up to this day the government of the country still needs lots of funds / medical help and other financial support from developed countries to resist the attack of the opponent in case to provide better standart of living for the victoms.
These tables provide information about the amount of men and women workers in three working sectors in such countries as Australia and Indonesia in a particular period of time.
In Australia the amount of women gets 11%, whereas in Indonesia the percentage is slightly low (about 8%).
Without enough money you can buy foods, cloths and even tickets, in order to travel various countries and spend your free time there.
And this things does not exclude that these people can also be pretty rich, or at least above average, because they are aware of time management and self-discipline.
This changes reflect the economical situation, so some of these countries significantly decreased its position, but other vice versa.
I cannot fully agree with this people because the appearance of buildings, especially in big cities, has a crucial importance, as it demonstates the heritage of the city.
The information in this graph underlines that the level of fossil fuel energy in United States has slowly declined.
This topic is very instrumental nowadays because there are many building processes in different parts of many counrty, and people have this issue about the impotrance of outstending looking.
In conclusion I would like to agree, that designers should pay a lot of attention fow their works to serve their basic functions, but we shouldn't forget the real relevance of beauty for us, and how much we can achieve now not by just building white walls, but making a masterpiece of the whole nation.
Also, it is noticeavle that the biggest amount of enerfy from fossil fuels in 1970 was in USA - it took the highest point(100%) and decriased to four fifth(80%) in 2015.
Often, it is one of the most strong people's dreams - to see great architecture in Europe and enjoy it, because such art inspires a lot of people and shares atmosphere of creativity.
They have a job which is not in their favour but they should earn enough money to meet all daily needs of their families.
All in all, in my opinion, it is obvious that countries should do their best to contribute to the solving of global problems that people face all over the world, but, paying a lot of attention to the world's problems, governments should try to save the balance and not to forget about the problems of their own citizens.
Also it must be added that by 2015 China's amount of fossil fuels reached about 88 per cent, but in the 1970 it was about 98 per cent, it means that the percentage in China has decreased.
In cannot be denied that the perpose of the building plays crucial role, but the appearance of it also palys enormous role and architects should pay a lot of attention about repairing old buildings of art and build new ones.
In our modern world, people givee a lot of attention to the appearnce o the cities where they live.
Overall, it can be seen that by 2015 a lot of energy produced from fossil fuels from were in United States and less in Sweden.
Our world is developing, the cities are extending, people are constructing more and more new buildings because it's really important now, our population is rising every year and because of this people need more places to live, work, learn and relax.
For instance, migrants from various countries might occupy the whole cities and state their own rules in this areas.
Plus, tourists surely won't be encouraged to visit such a place, while beautiful buildings catch tourists' attention and interest for sure, and tourism is imporatant because it can bring a lot of money to an area.
At school pupils get a lot of information from different spheres and nowhere else they cannot get new facts and skills.
There are science, arts and sports courses and the amount of students on each is approximately the same.
The amount of students who are 40 years old and above in the arts courses three times more than in the science courses, aged people preferred this programme more than others.
The first chart shows the amount of people attending Science courses.
55% of the total amount of students at the age of 18-25 years old attend Science courses.
A fewer percentage -- 30% of students who are at the age of 26-40 and the smallest group, only 15% of people who are 40 years old and above are interested in Science courses.
The amount of people attending Arts courses is smaller, than the amount of Science courses and it has 600 students.
The smallest group of students are about 26-40 years old and make 25% of the total amount of people.
The biggest amount of students attending these classes, which is about 45%, is taken by the people who are 40 years old and above.
Sometimes people do not have any family, or their parents do not spend enough time with their children.
As we all know, teachers at schools spend a lot of time with children and usually they try to teach them to treat other human beings and animals kindly.
From my point of view, family does not have that much influence on children as it is claimed, because they tend to spend a lot of time outside the house, communicating with a wide variety of people, who can affect their behaviour in different ways.
The bar graph and able below demonstrate the amount of citizens of Canada who suffer fron being overweigh from 1985 to 2005 and the the number of people who kept themselves fit.
According to the chart, the amount of overweight boys increased for the 15 years.
However, it's interesting point: statistic shows that there were not too much people of 40 years old and above, who attended this course.
It's a common knowledge today that children has an abundant amount of opportunities to communicate with outside world.
Comparing the data, the least pieces of the chart differ at all cources in the same way.
Sports and Health cources can be named as the "oldest" because their visitors mostly 26-40 years old- 62% and older than 40 years old - 23% from total amount of people (630 students).
Later Rodion will remember this moments of his life in the dream.
Overall, this charts have three sections that meane period of ages.
On the one hand, child spent a lot of time in his or her family.
Because of this influences from outside the home.
The three charts illustrate the amount of people from several generations, which attended different types of courses in a United Kingdom in 2012.
There are some different opinions on this issues and the demand on it is growing because of the growth of parent's interest in alternative ways of development of their children.
Due to this fact it may be recommended to the architects to pay enough attention on planning how the bulding will look like in the future.
Secondly, in the USA and UK there is almost the similiar percentage difference, about 20-30 per cent which is explained by the similiar level of development of this countries.
I think this sities without beautiful buildings will look dead, or nacked, if it is impossible to imagine such a beautiful plases without interesting architecture.
All of this artforms are transferring two importnat ideas: the idea of bringing the joy to our eye and to try to teach us some moral ideas.
Overall, it is clear that the percentage difference of salaries between men and women has become less from 1980 to 1995 all over this five countries.
Nowadays Moscow is a megapolis and has the biggest amount of habitants in Russia.
Overall, the exterrior is an extremely important part of a building and architects should pay a lot of attention to it as it influences our way of living and thinking.
Its main feature is the high sky scrappers made of glass, and there are always a lot of travellers there, who prefer this places for making photos nowadays.
As for numbers of income in Germany, they suffered a sharp fall from 23 to 10 percent between 1980 and 1990.
In addition, outside view is must be considered and paid enough money because architecture can be one of the city or country sightseeings, or something for what place is loved by citizens and by tourists as well.
Lots of money is spent on visuality, while it could be spent on elevators, water and heating system, light and other needed for comfortable living supplies.
New districts full of the 20, 30, 40-staged buildings which can place as much people as it can be possible.
Moreover, if people do not care about beauty of buildings it is easer to create modern, practise offices and houses for a big amount of people.
Taking both sides of the arguement into consideration, it is clear to notice that architects have a possibility to create only modern usful building, but if we want to see the beauty of the world which could be created by people, we should try to combine both this subjects in one creating.
Various research has been carried out to demonstrate the direct influence of the landscape on emotional state of an individual.
Still, there is a lot of evidence that the benefits of beautiful architectural projects outweight the spendings.
It is remerkable, that we could caracterize this three countrees as a countries with the biggest percentage in earnings between man and women, but in that group USA and UK have the common intention of declining all the time between the 1980 and 1995, and Japan in this collabaration is the unic state where the result goes up between 1980 and 1985.
The presented graph gives data on the percentage difference in amount of money females and males were getting for their work between 1980 and 1995.
Moreover, people live near those building and in the buildings all the time, they look at them each day.
Due to this buildings should not be depressive, architects schould consider the problems of globalization and take care of people who will live in those houses.
The table which is presented below shows the amount of kids who was involved in physical activity over twenty years.
