Road transportation for metals is not so convenient, that is why it takes only 11%.
Besides, it's obvious, that both means of transport are equal use for carrying manufactured goods (25% by rail, 28% by road).
Besides, we can see, that both means of transport carry a small amount of chemicals (12% - part of rail transportation, 16 - part of road carrying).
On the picture showed 2 diagramms, that give us quantity goods transported by rail and by road.
A lot of people think that modern technology, that we have not only at home, and everywhere - is the cause of the problems with health.
We all use gadgets every minute, we are watching TV, we are speaking with our friends or parents, that situated in other place.
And, the most important, in the modern world modern technology improving for help human from different home gadgets, that help at home to medcine technicks.
On the other side, there are a lot of machines, that causing of health problem.
In conclusion, provided there's more on technology is more „friendly" to us and people are not so addicted to this, that in some cases it can have a hazardous effect, problems connected with human health will be disappered.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
To conclude this essay, it should be mentioned, that health and social problems caused by the widespread of use of modern technologies can be reduced by healthy lifestyle and offline connection with the people.
On the one hand, That's teory can be right.
First of all, we can see, that average maximum and minimum are quite similar.
Making a comparison, we can see that the main trend is, that in Yakutsk temperatures became higher in summer, while in Rio de Janeiro - in winter.
Another trand is, that in Rio de Janeiro difference between summer and winter is not as big as in Yakutsk.
There is a quite spread opinion, that every country should only provide themselves by food, not producing it for other countries.
I am sure, that countries should share their unique food with all the world.
The next reason is, that import is the one of the most important parts of country's budget.
In conclusion, I want to say, that import is very important thing, which should exist in every country.
For instance, the government decided to specialize on new inventions that have never been done before, that's why new specialist could be needed, cosequently, new skill and abilities required.
Nontheless, there is a widely held belief, that only production of food to feed the country's own population is needed.
The most obvious one is, that one country can not produce all kinds of food it needs for its population to be healthy.
People will know all information about product and will be sure, that food is safety for their health.
To sum up, I want to say, that producing own products for own population is an ideal economical model for each country.
For example, Norway or Greenland has too cold winters and the temperature during sammer month is not is not very high too, thats why they cant grow vegetables and fruits on their teretory.
For example it is very popular nowadays to have technics, like robot, that can clean your house and wash your dishes.
It is easy to see, that these both figures increase and decline slightly, depending on season.
Also, there is important thing, that if a person eats tasty different products they will be given a special chemical elements, due to which people are happy.
This system will encourage people to grow plants, trees, fruits, vegetables, and spread the neccessarity of keeping animals like cows, sheep, rabbits, that's why many want to produce their own goods for meal and these farmers can produce the food for themselves and sell the remains of it for the government.
Import and export are the main processes of the Market; however, same people share belief, that, in terms of food industry, the numbers and amounts of both import and export are heavily exaggorated.
It is immediately clear, that these two cities have absolutely different temperatures.
I think, that only unforeign products have healtful vitamins for us.
In conclusion, I want to say, that I support point of view, that we must eat native foods and it can help us to stay healtful.
It can be seen, that in Yakutsk average temperature have upward trend from january to july - from -40 degrees to + 20 degrees.
In conclusion, I want to say, that this information about two different countries and their parts Yakutsk is the North city in Russia, in Rio is town in the South part of Brasil.
In conclusion I want to say, that countries all over the world should aim to import and export as big as possible and to produce not only the food that their own population eats, but different populations of the people all over the world.
In addition, the research shows that children, who spend too much time being in a virtual reality, become more aggresive than their peers, that also reflects a bad influence of technics on future generation.
For example, some fruit and vegetables could not be grown in Russia in winter, that is why they are baught from the countries abroad.
The lines in the graph number two, that give us information about temperatures in Rio de Janeiro, are less flexed then in the first one.
So, that is why I am convinced that countries should cut import down to minimum and only produce food for their citizen's needs.
So, that is why some people do not think that import levels should be as little as possible.
Overall, it can be seen, that in Rio de Janeiro it is usually warm and hot weather, while in Yakuts it's cold most of the time.
So it is clear, that the rulers should monitor such situations within the country and solve inside problems first.
But it is clear, that the government shouldn't stop supplying products abroad, but choose such number of goods, that is suitable for it's aims and opportunities.
I disagree with the statement and suppose, that producing food only for your own population is means such tight of character as greed.
It is really notice, that the significant category of Machinery in rail-transportation (12%) almost was not represented in transportation by road and shared only 2%.
To sum up, these two pie charts demonstrate the different rations in their category, however, these graph have some type of goods, that had almost equal persantage in both the goods transported by rail and the goods transported by road.
Secondly, some instructions should be located behind each gadgets, that will warn about the possible consequences.
Unfortunately, that can lead to stop of heart beating and if left untouched death.
I suppose, that we should listen to our friends and to talk with them forgetting our smartfones at home.
The last but not the least point is, that individuals must do phisical exercieses after all day sitting in the office.
Moreover, many adults take their small children with them, that is why children's stomach diseas has been hurt from early ages.
So, we can make conclusion, that thes two categories of goods unpopular in Eastern Europe.
Firstly, it is clear, that modern technologies make our life more easier, but there is another side of a medal.
For 5 years age a group of scientists prove, that using telephone every hour increas a chance of cancer.
It should be noticed, that a world total reflects the situation in these countries because it depends on the countries' results.
In addition, a poor country can borrow new ideas or technologies produced by the company, that means it can get a status of a developed country.
To conclude, I can suppose that it is necessary and important to help each other to live better and to develop, that is why big companies should give work and goods to the poorer countries.
It should be noticed, that a world total reflects the situation in these countries because it depends on the countries' results.
In addition, a poor country can borrow new ideas or technologies produced by the company, that means it can get a status of a developed country.
To conclude, I can suppose that it is necessary and important to help each other to live better and to develop, that is why big companies should give work and goods to the poorer countries.
In conclusion, provided there's more on technology is more „friendly" to us and people are not so addicted to this, that in some cases it can have a hazardous effect, problems connected with human health will be disappered.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
To conclude this essay, it should be mentioned, that health and social problems caused by the widespread of use of modern technologies can be reduced by healthy lifestyle and offline connection with the people.
It should be noticed, that a world total reflects the situation in these countries because it depends on the countries' results.
In addition, a poor country can borrow new ideas or technologies produced by the company, that means it can get a status of a developed country.
To conclude, I can suppose that it is necessary and important to help each other to live better and to develop, that is why big companies should give work and goods to the poorer countries.
In conclusion, provided there's more on technology is more „friendly" to us and people are not so addicted to this, that in some cases it can have a hazardous effect, problems connected with human health will be disappered.
It should be noted, that these social and health problem have many possible solutions.
To conclude this essay, it should be mentioned, that health and social problems caused by the widespread of use of modern technologies can be reduced by healthy lifestyle and offline connection with the people.
But they always should remember, that their kids do not appreciate them for dollars and most of times the problems, caused by attention lack, cannot be solved by any finances.
It is a kind of very controversial question, that is why I can only partly agree with this statement.
However, I strongly believe, that we could find a new solution as electronic cars or any other type of ecological cars.
But I suppose, that population reaction will be unpredictable too.
The interesting fact, that the propotion of boys and girls is aproximately equal, everywhere, exept South Asia in 2000.
Nowadays, air travel can be the cause of air pollution and global warming, that is why goverments could create laws, which will reduce the amount of air travel.
I believe, that the majority of people will prefer the train instead the plane, if goverment explain the danger of airplanes.
In conclusion, I would like to say, that this law is a necessary measure, which could help to avoid some enviremental problems such as global warming and air pollution.
The chart below provides information about changes in the number of children, that have not got the ability to have the number of children, that have not got the ability to have the primary education from 2000 to 2012 by gender and region.
All in all, it can be stated, that rates varied notably, enabling, however, to make out an obvious downward tendency.
Drawing up a conclusion to my thoughts, I would like to stress, that only global efforts of all the people of Earth can open new vista in the face of today’s harsh ecological circumstances, and it is up to the authorities throughout the globe to be trendsetters.
A more detailed look reveals, that women spend less time on doing sports than men in general.
To sum up, I would like yo say that even though is is proved that air transportation is harmful for the nature, government should seek for other methods of fighting with the pollution, that prohibiting at some point air travelling for business and leisure.
I personally believe, that such sites as Facebook and Vkontakte should entertain they public, because nowadays in real life we always face with some cruel or sad situations and social medie give us a chance to rest and it is basically a tool for making us happy.
Firstly, it doesn’t necessarily mean, that the government will spend money gained from air travel taxes on resolving ecological problems.
In my opinion, there are a lot of gender specialized spheres, and i think, that this specialization is based on basic biological and social differences between males and females.
In different scientific articles or materials it can be founded, that male and female has different types and strategies of thinking.
Moreover, it has to be noticed, that population of aged people has tendency to growth.
There is no doubt, that people of every social groups should be equally presented in every social institution.
Also, that is due to the fact that more children are born in Japan, and as a result, they take up some 'space' in the generations division.
However, that doesn't mean that female students shouldn't be accepted for these courses - if they have enough knowledge and intention to study these subject why don't they be accepted?
However, it is an obvious fact, that there are the opponents of this suggestion.
It is a common fact, that pupils after graduation from school are interested in their future professional skills for a good job.
That means there is no gender, racial or other social barriers while younger people attend any University, that would make the abilities to get a higher education shrinked or abolished for some groups.
Although I am convinced that manicind cannot tolerate with discrimination between genders, I suppose, that setting up the equal numbers of male and female in every subject is incorrect, because this approach would not take info account some important conditious and will lead to greater discrimination.
It is no doubt, that students should have equal opportunities to study every subject.
Business books emphosise, that society and all its members must feel confident in every step taking by politics and what is more, to have an essense of non-restricted protection.
For example, my friend from Ukraine have told me, that the reason why his family encourages the actions of current revolution is complet misunderstand and frustration connecting with governmental apporat.
The magasine named "Slon" writes, that the men differs from the woman only physically and now it's very easy to mess both groups.
It's not surprising, that girls and boys have different attitude in 90% times (as British newspaper "Guardian" claims) and that's why they have to korn something from each other.
She always says now, that such life is horrible.
All in all, it should be noted, that equal rights in society should be considered as healthy way to live.
All in all the graph shows, that the amount of people aged 65 and over is not static between 1940 and 2040, it changes dramatically and in whole is going up.
As for me, it does not matter how many male or female students are in studying group, but it is clearly, that universities should offer equal amount of places for boys and girls.
Firstly, it I significant to emphasize, that the least ammount of people aged 65 and over was in Japan in 1940.
Next, it is important to note, that the propotion between eldery people in USA and Sweden was increasing slightly till 1990's, while the feagure, that characterize Japaneese was declining till 2000's.
Besides, it is obvious, that near the year of 2010 the population began to rise.
Then, we can't ignore the fact, that according to the predictions by the year of 2040 the population of eldery people will be from 23% to 27%.
To sum up, it is clear, that in feature there will be more people aged 65 and over than it is nowadays.
Some people consider, that having the equal number of boys and girls in the particular university will bring more possibilities for communication.
But we can't ignore the fact, that the main aim of high education is to bring up great proffesionals.
First of all, everybody knows, that boys and girls tend to choose different sorts of proffessions.
In conclusion I would like to mention, that, according to my oppinion, the idea of acception equal number of boys and girls in universities seems to me unreliable.
Also, this type of proportion helps members of each group interact with others easily, that when there is a disproportion.
Nevertheless, some would say, that such situation will be substantial for people to protect of their rights for getting education, especially for women who still can face the problem of discrimination.
To sum up, it can be concluded, that during the 1940 and 2040 the percentage of population in three countries rise differently, espassially in Japan, the nation become more aged, than in the USA and Sweden.
Besides, it can be seen from the life, that men are good at one aspects and women are the best in other questions.
To sum up, it can be concluded, that the discrimination to all students in groups to the equal amount can break their writs.
Analyzing this graph, we can see, that scientists suggest increasing of population aged 65 in all three countries.
For example, it is a common tendency, that more girls go for education to the law faculties.
Of course, there are jobs which must be universal for both males and females, that is why some faculties should make equal numbers of girls and boys.
Whith the help of this, we can say, that borning in the the USA was feeling all the time.
There is opinion, that universities should have equal amount of male and female students in every subject in society.
Firstly, it good to say, that there are subjects, which are prefered only by boys or girls in universities.
In conclusion, it will be good to all, that if male stady without female, level of education will not dicline.
To sum up, the statystics indicates, that Japanese population's proportion is changing slowly, instead of Swedish a American rates, which are fluctuated.
Actually, there is no doubt, that communication between girls a boys is essential.
We can predict, that both sexes woud concern only about their study.
On the other hand, as I've already pointed out, the communication is an essentrial skill, which every student should imrove, but it doesn't mean, that this necessary skill should be practised at university.
I afirm, that the situation of disproportion of Females 2 males in universities should be changed, and, moreover, in every subject should appear only males or only females.
As a consiquence, I'd like to note, that the question of sexes disproportion in universities is strill open, but, as for me, this situation should be changed, in the way, of the whole ie section of mixed sexes universities.
To conclude, it's important to say, that we can study whatever we want and we can work as whoever we want.
It has been suggested, that it would be better, if male and female students should be separated by equal numbers for every subject.
Female can see some detales, that are hidden from males' eye; but women,as a rule, are too emotional, that does not allow them to analize particular situations.
Opposite, bodys of man and women differ from each other, men, as usual, are more phisically developed, that gives him an opportunity to do things which could not be done by women.
I think, that it will be great if this strategy were used by universities and schools, because it could ras an important of education sistem and help to rise it for higher level.
Grigoriev has written in his book "Differences in development according to the sex", that there are obvious differences between men's and women's development but it may be caused only by their attitude.
